PROLOGUE: DEATH AND REINCARNATION

It was just your typical kind of life. I graduated from
college, landed a job at a sort-of-big general contractor
outfit, and with my older brother taking care of our parents
for me, I was currently enjoying all the myriad benefits of
the bachelor-pad life. Age thirty-seven. No significant other.

I wasn’t exactly short or frumpy or hideous or anything.
But when it came to the opposite sex, apparently I had
nothing to offer. I’d made efforts along those lines, with
varying degrees of dedication, but by the third rejection,
something fizzled out within me. Besides—really, at this
age, I was kinda past the point where a girlfriend needed to
be my main focus. Work kept me busy enough. Plus, it
wasn’t like I was gonna die without one.

…I’m not making excuses, all right? It’s just that I
started thinking…

“Oh, hello, sir! Sorry we’re late!”
There he was, walking toward me, bursting with all that
youthful energy of his. He and the beautiful woman next to
him. His name was Tamura, one of the guys who worked
under me, and she was Sawatari, the front-desk lady and
pretty much the “it” girl around the office.
These bums asked to see me because they were getting
married and wanted my advice. In other words, this
meeting was the whole reason I was brooding over why I
was such a failure at personal relationships. I was leaning
against a telephone pole at the intersection where we’d
agreed to meet after work, thinking to myself.

“Nah.” I nodded a greeting at Sawatari and asked,

“What’d you want to talk about?”

“Oh, good to meet you. My name’s Miho Sawatari. I’ve

seen you at work a lot, but…um, I guess this is the first

time I’ve spoken to you, huh? It makes me kind of nervous,

somehow.”
I’m the one who should be nervous, lady! my mind

griped to itself. It’s not like I’m any good at speaking to
women. How about a little sympathy here?

Any way you looked at it, I was the wrong person to ask.

I knew nothing about love. They were doing this just to

spite me—I was sure of it. Pretty sure, anyway.

“Oh, there’s nothing to be nervous about,” I replied.

“Satoru Mikami. It’s good to meet you, Ms. Sawatari…

although you’re famous enough around the office that you

hardly need to even introduce yourself, huh? Tamura and I

went to the same college, and we kinda hit it off during his

training period, so that’s how we know each other.”

“Famous? Oof! Not famous in a weird way, I hope?”

“Oh, y’know. I hear stories about you dating Kameyama

or messin’ around with Mr. Kihara in management…”

Somehow, I decided that picking on her would be a good

idea. I just meant it as a passing joke, but it made

Sawatari’s face turn a bright shade of red, her eyes

watering up a bit. It was cute, in a way. People were always

telling me to tone that stuff down—that I needed to

consider people’s feelings more or, if not that, at least make

it funnier—but I couldn’t help myself. So mark that down as
another failure. Maybe I really do have a crap personality.

Tamura took that chance to intervene, giving Sawatari a
pat on the shoulder. Dammit, Tamura! So blessed with the
natural charm you need to live a decent life… I wish people
like you would just explode!

“Aw, stop being mean to her,” he admonished with an

effortless smile. “And don’t worry, Miho, he’s just having a

little fun with you.”

Cool, refreshing, and completely guileless—Tamura was
impossible to hate. He was still just twenty-eight, quite a
bit younger than I was, but we got on well nonetheless. I
probably owed him at least a few congratulations…

“Hah, sorry,” I said, figuring there was no reason to let
my jealousy devour me. “I can’t help but needle people like
that sometimes. But no point standing here on the
sidewalk. Wanna get something to eat while we talk?”

“Aaaahhh!!”
Screams. Chaos. What is—What’s going on?!
“Move! I’ll kill you!!”
I turned around to find a man sprinting toward me, a
backpack in one hand and a kitchen knife in the other. I
could hear shrieking. He was coming my way. With a knife.
A knife? And at the other end of it…
“Tamuraaaa!”
The moment I shoved Tamura aside, I felt a burning pain
run across my back. My body balled up as it collapsed to
the ground, trying to withstand the shock. I couldn’t tell
what had happened. I wanted to move, but I couldn’t.
“Get the hell outta my way!” the man shouted as he ran
off. I watched him go and then checked to see how my
companions were. The suddenness of it all had reduced
Tamura to a stupor, but he was unhurt. That was good. But,
man, was my back burning. So hot. Beyond anything I’d
describe as pain.
What’s up with that? It’s too hot… Gimme a break.

Confirmed. Resist Heat…successfully acquired.

Did I… Did I just get stabbed?
So I’m gonna die from a stabbing? Holy crap…

Confirmed. Resist Piercing Weapon…successfully
acquired. Following up with Resist Melee Attack…

Successfully acquired.

“M-Mr. Mikami, you’re bleeding… You won’t stop
bleeding!”

I really didn’t need to hear that right now. Was that
Tamura? I thought I heard some kind of weird voice. If it
was Tamura, then so be it.

I’m bleeding? Well, duh. I’m only human. If you stab me,
I’ll probably bleed all over you, yes.

Damn, this was starting to hurt, though…

Confirmed. Cancel Pain…successfully acquired.

Um… Well, shit. All this pain and panic was starting to
screw around with my consciousness.

“T-Tamura… Shut up. It… It’s nothing big, all right? Quit
worrying…”

“Mr. Mikami, you’re… The blood…” Tamura tried to hold
me up, face drained of color and looking about ready to
break into sobs. So much for that bravado from two
minutes ago. I tried to see how Sawatari was doing, but my
vision was too fogged up to manage it.

Now the burning feeling on my back was starting to
fizzle out. Instead, an intense, frigid cold was attacking me
from head to toe. That… That’s probably bad… People die
once they bleed too much, don’t they?

Confirmed. Constructing a blood-free body… Successful.

Hey, what’re you talking about? I can’t hear you too
well…

I tried to speak. And failed.
Shit. I think this might really be it… Like, the pain and
the heat were pretty well gone by now. It was just cold.

Cold as hell. I felt as if I was gonna freeze in place.
Who knew dying could keep you so damn busy?

Confirmed. Resist Cold…successfully acquired. Combined
with the previously acquired Resist Heat, the skill has
progressed to Resist Temperature.

Just then, what remained of my increasingly oxygen-
deprived brain cells chanced upon a flash of brilliance.

Oh, craaaaap, the files on my hard drive!
I summoned up my remaining wells of strength, striving
to relay the final regret I had left in life.
“Tamuraaa! If… If anything bad happens to me…take my
computer, okay? Put it in the bathtub, turn it on, and just
fry everything on the disk for me, man…”

Confirmed. Electricity-based deletion of data… Cannot
execute. More information required. Substituting with Resist
Electricity… Successfully acquired.

It took a moment for my plea to register with Tamura.
He gave me a blank stare. Then he snickered.

“Ha-ha! That’s just like you, isn’t it?”
Even if it was just a snicker, it beat having to depart this
plane of existence with a grown man blubbering on top of
me. I’d take it.
“All I wanted was to show Sawatari off to you, too…,” he
continued.
“Pfft…”
Hah. I knew it. That bastard.
“It’s fine, okay? Make her a happy woman.”
I wrung out the last bit of strength my body had to offer.
“Just kill my PC for me…”

It was just your typical kind of life. I graduated from
college, landed a job at a sort-of-big general contractor
outfit, and with my older brother taking care of our parents
for me, I was currently enjoying all the myriad benefits of
the bachelor-pad life.

And I was a virgin.
Imagine that. Floating off to meet my maker in
completely unused condition… My manhood was probably
crying its single eye out right then. Sorry I couldn’t make
you a real grown-up. If there’s such a thing as
reincarnation, I’m gonna go on the attack next time—I
promise. I’ll hit up everyone I see, stalking my prey before I
go in for the kill… Okay, not like that, but…

Confirmed. Unique skill “Predator”…successfully
acquired.

I mean, here I was, lookin’ at forty without ever losing
my virginity. Like an old sage meditating in the mountains.
Another few years, and I probably could’ve been the great
sage of celibacy. Not the road I wanted to take in life, but
there you go.

Confirmed. Extra skill “Sage”…successfully acquired.
Evolving extra skill “Sage” into unique skill “Great Sage”…
Successful.

…Hey, someone mind telling me who’s talking? What do
you mean, “unique skill ‘Great Sage’”? Someone tryin’ to
start something with me? There’s nothing “unique” about
that! If you think I’m finding that funny, I’m not! That’s just
mean, man…

Before I could continue down that train of thought,
however, I fell asleep.

Weird how death’s nowhere near as lonely as I thought
it’d be.

That was the last thought I had on the mortal plane.





CHAPTER 1

MY FIRST FRIEND

It was dark. Too dark to see anything. Where was I? What
even happened, for that matter? Someone was picking on
me for being a celibate sage or something, and then…

That was enough to jump-start my mind again.
My name was Satoru Mikami. Just another thirty-seven-
year-old in a suit. And when I shoved my coworker aside on
the street, some random maniac stabbed me. Good. I
remembered all of that. Which meant I must be fine. No
need for panic. That wasn’t like me anyway. I was known
for having a cool head. The last time I panicked, it was
grade school and all I did was wet my pants, just a little bit.
I tried looking at my surroundings. Then I noticed—I
couldn’t open my eyes. Odd, I thought as I tried to rub
them and my arms didn’t respond. And more to the point,
Where’s my head, anyway?
This was getting confusing. Like, whoa. Wait a sec. I
needed some time to deal with this.
Whenever I start freaking out, I always find it helpful to
sit still and start counting prime numbers until I calm
down. Let’s try that. One, two, three—
Wait, one doesn’t count as a prime number, does it?
Ugh… Now wasn’t the time for this. I couldn’t let myself
think about this stupid crap. This was bad, wasn’t it? Like,
what’s going on, here?! Was I…like, past the point of no
return, unless I did something?
Panicking, I checked to see whether I was hurt

anywhere. I didn’t seem to be. Physically, I felt terrific. No

cold, no heat—perfectly comfortable. That, at least, came

as a relief. Now for my hands and legs… Oop. Not so hot

there. No response from any of my limbs. What’s up with

that? Getting stabbed in the back wouldn’t force the

doctors to amputate all my extremities, would it? I’d kind of

like those back.

Then there was the whole “can’t open my eyes” thing. I

was in a world of darkness, where I couldn’t see a thing. An

anxiety like none I’d ever felt before began welling up in

my mind.
Am I…in a coma or something?
I was conscious, certainly, but had I gotten detached

from my central nervous system, maybe?

Oh, man, anything but that! I mean, think about it. When

you throw a guy into a dark, enclosed space, it takes

practically no time at all for him to go insane. And that was

exactly where I was—and I couldn’t even die in peace any

longer, it looked like. If insanity was all that waited for me

here, that was enough to take the wind out of anybody’s

sails.
Just then, I felt something brush against my body. Hmm?

What’s that? I focused all of my senses on this unknown
sensation. It felt like grass against what might have been

the side of my stomach. Concentrating on the sensations, I

slowly began sussing out what was around me. I could feel

the pointy edges of some nearby leaves prick against my

body.

It made me a little happy, really. I was in total darkness a

moment ago, but now I had my sense of touch back, at

least. It made me so overjoyed that I made a beeline for the

grass, and—
Creep.
I could feel my body sliding flat against the ground. I… I

moved?!
This, at least, was clear evidence that I was not on any

kind of hospital bed. The feeling beneath my stomach (?)
took the form of hard, jagged rock. Hmm. It still didn’t
make much sense to me, but I appeared to be outdoors.

So I headed toward the grass, keeping my senses keen
against what I touched, although I still wasn’t quite clear
on where my head was. There was nothing to smell; I
wasn’t sure whether I had that sense or not.

Really, I had no idea what I was shaped like. I felt…
flowing. Jellylike. Kind of like a certain fantasy monster I
was well familiar with. In fact, the idea had been running
through my head for a while now.

…No. Come on. That’s just silly. Anything but that. I
decided to leave that anxiety-inducing prospect behind for
the time being and instead try out the final, untested one of
my five human senses. Not that I knew where my mouth
was. So…now what?

Suddenly, a voice ran across my mind.

Use unique skill “Predator”?
Yes
No

Huh? Wh-what? Unique skill “Predator”?
And what was up with that voice? I thought I heard
something weird when I was talking with Tamura earlier.
That wasn’t just me imagining things? Was someone there?
Something didn’t seem quite right with it. It wasn’t that I
thought I had a visitor, so much as…well, as I just had
words floating into my mind. Cold, unfeeling words, like a
computer-generated voice.

Let’s go with no for now.
No response. I waited a while for one, but no further
voices came. It appeared there wouldn’t be a second
question. Did I make the wrong choice? Was this the kind of

game where you got stuck if you didn’t start giving “yes”
answers? I was assuming the question would just repeat
forever until I said yes, like any normal RPG. Guess not.

Kind of rude of that voice, though. Showing up, asking a
simple question, then disappearing forever. It was nice
hearing someone for a change, but…the hell, man?

Oh well. Let’s go on with what I was trying before. My
sense of taste.

I moved toward the grass I felt earlier. As it brushed up
against me, I leaned forward, feeling the whole of my
weight settle over the field. It was definitely grass of some
sort.

Once I was sure of that, I suddenly realized that the area
where the plants met my body was starting to melt. I
thought it was myself melting at first, but apparently it was
only the grass. And with that, I could now tell that the
components of the plant life beneath me were being taken
into my body.

So that was how it worked? Instead of having a mouth to
eat with, I just ingested plant matter with my whole body?
It sure didn’t taste like anything.

From this, there were a few conclusions I could sensibly
make.

First, I was no longer human. That was a given by now.
So did I really get stabbed to death? It didn’t seem like
much of an open question at this point. It’d also explain
why I was resting on a rocky patch of grass instead of in a
hospital room.

What happened to Tamura? To Sawatari? Did he
scramble my hard drive for me, like he promised? I was full
of questions—but also a suspicion that, by this point, none
of them really mattered anymore. I had to think about what
came next.

So…is this it? Am I really a… You know… With the kind

of tactile feedback I’m getting at the moment…
I trained my senses back inside my body. It responded

with a rhythmic motion. Boing. Sproing. Slowly, inside the
total darkness, I took the time to ascertain the exact

boundaries of my form.

…Heavens! I used to be such a handsome, attractive
man, and now I’m so…fluid! So aerodynamic!

…Yeah, right! You think I’d accept this just like that?!

As far as I could feel, there was no longer any doubting

it. I could picture it in my mind.

I mean…what else could it be? Not like I had a prejudice

against it. Hell, it was kinda cute, if anything!
But was it for me, though? If you took a poll, I think at

least nine out of ten people would have the same answer.

I would just have to accept it, though. Accept the fact

that my “soul,” or whatever you want to call it, had been

reborn inside a monster from another world. The odds of

such a thing seemed astronomically low to me, but…





But I’d been reborn. As a slime.

Munch, munch.
Munch, munch, munch, munch.
I just snacked on some grass.
Why did I do that? Well, why not?
Not like I had anything else to do!

It had been a few days or so since I was pretty much
forced to accept the fact that I was now a slime. How many,
I wasn’t exactly clear on. The passage of time is tough to
pick up on when all you can see is total darkness.

One discovery I had stumbled upon over the past few
days was that a slime’s body could be way more useful than
at first sniff. I never got hungry, for one, nor did I get tired.
Food and sleep, for me, were wholly unnecessary. And I had
divined something else, too. I couldn’t be completely sure,
but there didn’t seem to be anything else living around
here. In terms of danger, I wasn’t sure there was any to
speak of. My days were blissfully free of worry.

Or anything else, really.
The whole time, I never heard that voice again. By this
point, I wouldn’t have minded a little companionship. But
no. It was just me, the grass, and me eating it for lack of
much else to do. It was simply a way to kill time. And by
this point, I could sense the entire process—my body
absorbing the blades, dismantling them internally, sorting
through all the components, and storing them away.
What it all meant, I couldn’t say. It was starting to
frighten me a bit. I needed to do something, or I’d lose my
mind. So I kept going through the cycle—absorb, break
down, store up. But there was something odd about the
process. Elimination never factored into it, somehow. Not

even once. Maybe slimes didn’t need to do that. Hell, not
like I’d know either way. But where was all this stuff I was
ingesting going, then? My senses told me that my form
hadn’t changed in any appreciable manner from when I
first arrived.

So what the hell?

Received. It is being stored in the stomach of the unique
skill “Predator.” Current physical space usage is less than
one percent.

What? Whoa! It speaks!
But since when was I using any skills? I thought I
answered no back there.

Received. The unique skill “Predator” is not being used.
The matter being ingested into your body is set to
automatically be stored in your stomach. This can be
changed as needed.

Oh? Well, nice to see we’re having a real back-and-forth,
finally. But back to business. If I use this skill, what
happens then?

Received. The unique skill “Predator” chiefly comprises
the following five effects:

Predation: Takes the target into your body. Lesser chance
of success if the target has its own
consciousness. Can be targeted on organic
and inorganic objects, as well as skills and
magic.

Analysis: Analyzes and researches targets taken into
your body. Lets you create craftable items. If
the required materials are present, allows you
to make a copy of the item. Successful
Analysis of the casting method allows you to
learn the target’s skills and magic.

Stomach: Stores the Predated target. Can also store
materials created via Analysis. Items stored in
your stomach are unaffected by time.

Mimicry: Reproduces the form and skills of absorbed
targets. Only available once the target has
been Analyzed.

Isolate: Stores harmful effects incapable of being
analyzed, neutralizing them and breaking
them down into magical force.

Um… What?
For the first time in a while, I was thrown. That sounded
like kind of an incredible ability. Not exactly the kind of
thing slimes were known for. At least not the ones I knew.
And…hang on. Who was this voice answering my
questions, anyway? Was someone there?

Received. This is the effect of the unique skill “Great
Sage.” The skill has taken effect, making it more
immediately available.

A sage, huh…? And here I thought that voice was just
screwing with me. Now it was the best partner I had. Hope
that keeps up.

Hell, anything would have been fine at that point. As

long as it helped smooth out the endless solitude I was

preparing myself for. For all I knew, this “voice” was
something my mind had crafted to keep my marbles intact.
It was fine by me. For the first time in ages, I could feel a
burden lifting from my heart.

By my count, it had been ninety days since I was
reincarnated as a slime.

To be more precise, ninety days, seven hours, thirty-four
minutes, and fifty-two seconds. How was I so sure about
this? Turned out that was one of the many side effects of
evoking that “Great Sage” skill.

Holy cats, was that thing helpful. Talk about your best
friend in a pinch. Any question that popped to mind, it
instantly provided the answer.

According to this Sage, it took ninety days for the skill to
fully fuse itself with my soul. Normally, it would be unable
to provide responses in the form of conversation, but in
order to answer my questions, it apparently revamped
itself, diverting part of its “World Language” powers to
assist me. That’s how it was explained to me, at least.

This useful ability—relaying words into my mind—isn’t
normally possible. As it explained to me, this “World
Language” was heard only when there were great changes
to the world or when you either earned or upgraded a skill
—something that normally didn’t happen all that often.
These skills were obtained only rarely, when the world
recognized that you had grown in one way or another.

Evolution, meanwhile, was something most people never
got to experience in their lives. It was all Greek to me, but
if that was how it was, I was willing to accept it.

So the Great Sage was answering my questions at the
moment, but otherwise it was this totally passive thing. No
real sentience or anything. Unless I spoke up, it would

never talk to me of its own volition. That was the only real
drawback, but tossing words around with someone again
was a wonderful feeling, even if it was a one-way street.

Although, back in my home world, having a conversation
with my own skill might have been considered strange…

So there I was, still locked in darkness, asking a barrage
of questions.

One thing the replies confirmed was that yes, I was a
slime now. I also found out why I never got hungry or
sleepy. The slimes in this world, it turned out, never had to
eat if they could keep absorbing the magic particles, or
“magicules,” in the air. In less magically abundant regions,
I would be obliged to fill up by absorbing monsters or small
creatures.

Most slimes shied away from areas with low magic
presences, but the ones that didn’t were apparently both
quite strong and madly vicious. Usually it was the other
way around, where a wealth of local magic meant
especially strong monsters.

In other words, the area I took up residence in was so
laden with magic that I didn’t even have to eat.

As for the sleep question:

Received. The body of a slime consists of a mass of
completely identical cells. Each individual cell may function
as a brain cell, a nerve cell, or a muscle cell. Since the
operational cells used for thought are rotated in and out at
regular intervals, there is no need for you to sleep.

This raised the question of where my memories were
being held, exactly. Maybe it was kind of like a RAID setup
on a computer?

That would be close enough, came the response.
Considering its lack of personality, the Sage certainly came

up with some snappy replies.
Speaking of which, the “Great Sage” skill consisted of

five effects:

Hasten Boosts perception speed by a thousand times.
Thought:

Analyze Analyzes and assesses the target.
and
Assess:

Parallel Operates on any matter you wish to analyze,
Operation: separating it from the regular thought

process.

Cast Annuls the casting period required when using

Cancel: magic, et cetera.

All of Provides full coverage of all unsuppressed

Creation: matter and phenomena in this world.

“All of Creation”? So I know about everything,
everywhere, with no effort on my part? Score! Or so I
thought.

It turned out that I could only be told information related

to things I’d already heard about—in other words, I needed

to recognize and understand a concept before I could grab

a full Analysis of it.

And the spell thing—did that mean I could instantly use
any magic once I learned it? And, like, there was magic in
this world and stuff?!

The Great Sage replied with a big Yes.
Well, once I knew that, I just had to try to learn a few

spells myself.

I checked with the Sage to see if it could help me cast
magic, but that was a no-go. Eh, it was worth a shot.

Still, I had another great idea: Could I link the
“Predator” Analysis skill with “Great Sage” Parallel
Operation?

Received. It is possible to link “Predator” Analysis with
“Great Sage” Parallel Operation. Do you wish to link them?

Yes
No

Uh, yeah? Not that I had anything to analyze yet… Wait.
Or did I? That grass in my stomach. The stuff I had been
eating to pass the time. What was that? Not like I had
anything else to do. Let’s give it a try.

Off you go, Sage.
………
……
…

Analysis complete.

Hipokute A type of ingredient used in healing medication.
herbs: Only thrives in areas blessed with high local

magic densities. Fusing its juice with magicules
produces recovery medicine. Grinding the
blades and fusing them with magicules
produces a salve that closes wounds.

Wow! That was what I’d been snacking on? Talk about an
unexpected windfall. I immediately set out to create some
medicine of my very own. The process took place inside my
body, so it didn’t really feel much like crafting, but the
Analysis took less than a second, and within another three-
ish, I had my very first potion. Five minutes, and I could’ve

had a hundred. And while I didn’t have anything else to
compare it to, using my Great Sage skills to assess them
resulted in a “high quality” rating.

So there you go. I was happy enough with it, at least. It
all went so fast, too. I asked the Sage about it, and it said
the process usually took more time than that. Linking it
with Parallel Operation must’ve been the right idea, I
suppose.

To test that theory out, I unlinked it long enough to
create a single potion. It took fifty minutes. Damn, that was
slow. Looks like I had the foresight to stumble across some
mega-compatible skills to combine. Not that I knew what I
was doing at all.

Some of your garden-variety weeds were also sprouting
here and there, but most of the local grasses were
hipokute. How ’bout that? So I decided, as a little
insurance, to Predate all the herbs I could in the area and
turn my stomach into a little recovery-potion factory. I
didn’t have much else to occupy my time. It was still pitch
black in here.

There was no doubt about it. I had put my guard down. I
had a partner who granted me skills and the ability to
engage in (kind of passive) conversation, and I let it get to
my head.

I suppose that had a lot to do with how for ninety days in
a row, I never ran into any other creatures. No danger to
my life whatsoever. But either way, I had let my guard
down.

For an instant, I was like, “Huh?”
I felt a sudden sensation that I had grown lighter or
heavier or, like…unstable.

Did I…fall in some water?

In the past ninety days, I hadn’t felt so much as a drop of
water hit my body. I’d assumed I was in a rain-free cave or
some other kind of shelter, so I had never even entertained
the possibility before.

I had probably slipped into a river or something. Rivers
don’t exist indoors, so maybe it was some kind of
underground creek in this cave I was in…? Up to now, I had
been careful with every step I took, making sure everything
remained steady in the darkness. But after learning about
my skills, getting full of myself, and using Predation to eat
a pasture’s worth of grass, I had stopped paying attention
to what was under me.

I was always like that. Getting cocky, then screwing it all
up in the end. I’d proclaim to a customer, “Oh, absolutely!
That won’t be any problem at all!” and then have hell to
pay. It had happened over and over. I still remember the
spiteful looks the rest of my team gave me for it.

Too bad I didn’t think to stop myself in time. What kind
of idiot runs off into parts unknown when they can’t even
see? If I survived this, I was gonna give myself what for. Of
course, given my personality, I doubted I’d learn anything
from it.

It was funny how serenely I was handling this whole
thing, though. Not like I had much in the form of arms or
legs I could flail about in horrified panic…

Guess it’s over, then. Pretty short lifetime—even by slime
standards, maybe. I said my final prayers, awaiting my
inevitable suffocation.

………
……
…
Suffocation never came.
Why not? Did I not fall in the water? Time to call on the
Sage, maybe.

Received. A slime’s body operates exclusively on
magicules. Oxygen is unnecessary, and therefore, so is
breathing. That is why you have not been engaging in that
behavior.

Oh… Right. I wasn’t paying attention, but I guess there
wasn’t any breathing, was there? Made sense. Even after
ninety days, I was still learning something new!

But now wasn’t the time to celebrate. I had fallen into
water, and even if I wouldn’t die, it did still put me in kind
of a bind. What now? I couldn’t really tell whether I was
floating or sinking. My lack of limbs precluded any attempt
at swimming. Would I wind up at the bottom sooner or later
and be able to creep my way back to the surface? Or was I
doomed to bob around in the middle of the current, never
reaching much of anywhere?

Though, if anything, it felt less like a violent torrent and
more like I was being rocked in a cradle. Very gently
rocked. It felt pretty good, even…

Something told me this wasn’t flowing water after all.
Maybe it was a lake, not a river. I didn’t feel as though I
was being taken anywhere. I was just kind of bobbing up
and down, like a plastic bag, and it didn’t feel as if I’d ever
hit bottom. If things stayed this way, I was in big trouble.

What now?
Just then, my brain cells—or my slime body, I guess—
came up with an ingenious plan. Maybe I could go all
Predator on this water and then spit it out for some water-
jet propulsion. Would that work? Only one way to find out.
Not like I could do anything else.
So I started drinking, filling my Predator stomach up to
approximately 10 percent of its capacity. Then, I expelled it
like I was wringing out my stomach.
The sense of release was exhilarating.
Suddenly, I heard a voice in my mind:

Water Pressure Propulsion skill acquired.

It was the first time I recognized it. This had to be the
so-called World Language. There was no mistaking it, since
the Sage spoke only when spoken to, but the two voices did
sound exactly the same.

But I didn’t have a moment to ponder over this. The
more pressure I applied on the water, the more pressure I
felt on myself, and I was rocketing forward at astonishing
speed, as if I was about to launch myself into the sky. The
acceleration was intense. Honestly, maybe it was a good
thing I couldn’t see. Instead, I just basked in the sensation
of my body zipping along through the darkness.

Well, let me clarify. If I could’ve seen my surroundings,
I’m sure the fear would’ve been intense…but not being able
to see was just as terrifying.

If you’ve ever been on a roller coaster in an amusement
park in total darkness, perhaps you’d understand the
feeling. My mind flashed back to my previous life and the
single day I spent visiting a certain paradise under the rule
of a certain rodent. At least his magical dreamland offered
safety harnesses.

By this point, I wanted to punch myself for coming up
with the idea. And trying it out right after thinking it up?
Come on, man! What happened to some kind of, you know,
preliminary safety check?

The terror was starting to affect my train of thought.
How long would I keep accelerating? How much water did I
spit out, anyway?

As that thought occurred to me, I felt my body crash
headlong into something and bounce off it. I braced myself
for a wave of paralyzing pain. Which never came.

Huh? Shouldn’t that have, like, damaged me? Or did it
damage me, and I just didn’t feel it or whatever?

Received. You have acquired Cancel Pain, which
interrupts the creation of pain. Your Resist Melee Attack has
reduced the amount of damage taken. The amount of
damage your body has incurred is ten percent. The intrinsic
slime skill Self-Regeneration has taken effect. Would you like
to support it with your Predator unique skill?

Yes
No

Oh, so I was hurt a little, then? Made sense. I wasn’t
sure whether this was a good or bad thing, but as long as I
knew something was up, then maybe I didn’t need to feel
pain after all. It’d make certain things easier.

Predator support, though, huh? I don’t really get it, but
sure. “Yes.”

At that moment, I was greeted with the feeling that I had
suddenly lost some of my body mass. After a while, I felt it
return. My damaged parts had been Predated, analyzed,
and repaired. Talk about a useful body to have. I should try
testing later to see how much of it I can afford to lose
before I’m KO’d. It was way too dangerous to mess with in
detail, but I guess I could afford to go without at least a bit
of it at a time, so…

Something told me I was getting a little too careful,
anyway. I had a stockpile of recovery potions, which I didn’t
even have to use. And I would’ve figured losing a tenth of
my body would be a pretty serious issue, but now I knew I
could just regenerate it in the space of ten seconds. Next
time I was damaged, I’d try using those potions.

So where am I, I wonder? Making sure my body was
back to normal, I checked out my surroundings. No telling
what kind of dangerous monsters might be nearby. I was
out of the water, but maybe there were scary, scaly things
waiting for me on the other side.

Slowly, carefully, I started taking action.
It kind of seemed as if whenever I did something
“carefully,” it meant I was about to be exposed to a heap of
danger. I was sure it was just my mind playing tricks on me,
though.
And that thought probably did me no favors, because…
Can you hear me, little one?
I heard something.

Little one? It’s probably not anyone besides me, is it?
It wasn’t a voice, exactly, but something I could

recognize more directly and instinctually in my mind. I
didn’t have any ears to listen with anyway.

Hello! You can hear me, can you not? Respond to me!
Well, no shit! But how was I supposed to reply without
any mouth? As an experiment, I tried thinking Shut up,
baldy! in my mind—not like this guy could hear it or
anything. But how was I gonna get anywhere here if I
couldn’t even give a—
…Oh-ho! You dare to call me bald, do you…? Rather a lot
of nerve packed into such a little body, no? I had hoped to
give my first guest in quite a while a little kindness, but it
would seem you are in rather a hurry to die!
Uh-oh. Geez, could’ve warned me that would work first.
And I had no idea who I was dealing with, either. Well, that
was it. My loss. Time for an apology.
I’m sorry! I didn’t know how to reply to you, so I just
tried saying the first thing that came to mind! I’m really
sorry about that! I can’t see anything right now, so I have
no idea what you even look like!
Did that come across? Kind of rude to call this guy bald
when I couldn’t even see him, I supposed. If he was, I’d
probably just pushed some very delicate buttons.

Heh-heh-heh… Eh-ha-ha. Ahh-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!

The resulting laugh came in three distinct levels. A

masterpiece. So were we cool now, or—?
How fascinating. I had assumed you reacted as such

upon seeing me, but you cannot, eh? Most slimes are low-
level monsters, incapable of conscious thought as they run
through the cycle of absorption, division, and regeneration.
It is the rare one, indeed, that ever leaves its habitat.

Now what was he talking about? Was he more curious

than angry, then, or…? Either way, this was my first contact

with another intelligent being. The first conversation in my

new, oozy life. I wanted to keep it a friendly one.
You had aroused my curiosity, slime, by the way you so

eagerly slammed into my body. The regenerative powers
you just showed astonish me. Are you a named monster,
perhaps, or a unique?

A what? And a what? Say again? I’m sorry, I don’t get
what you mean. I’ve only been alive here for ninety days…

Hmm. I suppose, with your sentience, you were never
destined to be merely a slime. Named monsters are those
who have been assigned an exclusive name. But only ninety
days? Ridiculous. Are you a unique, then?

“Unique” meaning…?
A unique monster is an individual who has suddenly
attained unusual abilities, akin to mutation. They are
occasionally born in areas with high magical
concentrations… Perhaps you were born from the mass of
magicules that leaked out from me, then?

Muh? What the heck?

Let’s try using my previous-world knowledge to suss this

out. This guy (I’ll call him a guy for convenience’s sake) had

been leaking magic all over the local area. It was so thick,

in fact, that it gave birth to a monster. A slime. Me. Was

that it?
Hmm. No monster has ever come close to approaching

my domain in the past three hundred years. If you were

born from my magical force, then perhaps, indeed, that
gave you the power to touch me and live to tell the tale!

Oh… So you’re kind of, like, my dad, then?
No, not your parent by blood. I have no reproductive
ability to speak of. Some monsters do, and some do not, you
see.
Really? ’Cause I thought that kind of came with the
package by default. But if I just spontaneously burst out
from magic or whatever, maybe you don’t need it, huh?
…Your intellectual abilities surprise me. Very few,
indeed, are the monsters that possess anything of the sort.
Among all the monsters, only magic-born have sentience in
the way you or I would understand it.

The commentary went on for a while. But the most

important thing to learn from it was that apparently

humans existed in this world, too. Then there were

nonhumans, species very close to mankind in nature and

similarly gifted with reproductive abilities. These included

races like elves, hobbits, dwarves, and other fairy types,

and generally they were allied with the humans.

Alongside that, you had races like goblins, orcs,

lizardmen, and so on, which were hostile toward mankind

and treated like monsters as a result. This animosity wasn’t

inherent to their biology, however, so crossbreeding was

entirely possible.

Next were the “magic-born people”—the catchall term

for those who came into being from magic itself, monsters

who experienced sudden mutation, and sentient beings

evolved from animals or magical beasts. They had both

intelligence and reproductive ability, but only within their

own subspecies. In their upper social castes existed titans,

vampires, devils, and other longer-lived species—all equally

capable of having offspring, although they rarely did so,

since their overwhelming magic force caused them to be

nigh immortal, obviating the need to leave descendants.

These diverse intelligent, reproducing species were

hostile to mankind and collectively referred to as the

“magic-born race.” And reading between the lines, the

impression I got was that the magic-born weren’t so much

overtly hostile toward humans as the humans feared and

coveted their powers. It remained true, though, that both

sides were fighting for their own living spaces.

These sundry monsters had been classified by levels of

danger. The upper ranks of the magic-born were packed

with some pretty powerful buggers—all capable of leveling

a human town solo if they felt like it. Not the kinds of guys

you’d want to hang around.

So my new companion kept going for a while—about how

he’d fought against the upper-level magic-born in the past

and so on. Finally, the subject turned back to me.
As I told you, then, I lack the ability to produce offspring.

The reason is simple… Because I do not need to. I am of the
dragon race—one of only four in the world, both unique and
the most perfect of my kind. You will hereby know me as
Veldora, the Storm Dragon! My life span is infinite, my flesh
unfathomable! As long as my will remains intact, I shall be
ever alive! Ahhhhh-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!!

He could’ve skipped the laughter. I got it. So he didn’t

need to have kids, because he was gonna live forever,

right?

And while this guy took a while to get to the point, he did

mention something I didn’t want to overlook.

Veldora was the Storm…Dragon?

Plus, if he liked taking a good-natured swipe at upper-

level magic-born now and then, he was…like, pretty tough,

wasn’t he?

Using my knowledge of Earth stuff, I tried to picture

Veldora the Storm Dragon, no doubt seated in front of me

right now. I didn’t like what my mind came up with. He

seemed to be acting polite with me, and that made it all the

creepier.

So what now…?

W-wow, really? Well, thanks for all that handy guidance,
sir! Guess I better be on my way, then!

I tried my best to flee.
Halt. I have told you all about myself. It is your turn now,
would you not agree?
I probably shouldn’t have expected any other treatment.

Hmmmm. He wanted to know about me? If I told him about

my miraculous journey from an alien planet, would he

believe me? He seemed to marvel at how smart I was for a

slime—if I tried to make something up, I doubted he’d fall

for it. Such an attempt seemed like a good way to dig my

own grave.

Well, whatever. If he didn’t believe me, I’d deal with it

then. Summoning my resolve, I told Veldora everything that

had happened to me so far.

………

……

…
So… Yeah. Here I am, I guess! It’s been super rough,
y’know?
While prudently keeping the topic of my skills

unexplored, I regaled the dragon with my tale of being

stabbed, waking up as a slime, and everything else that

happened on the way to his domain.

It was a bit weird how…well, non-rough it all sounded

when I put it into words. But it was rough for me all the

same. And the worst part was how I was literally operating

blind the entire way. If some cute lady passed me on the

road later on, would I ever get to see her? The thought

saddened me a little.
Hmm. So a transmigrant, then? Your origins are quite

rare, indeed.
Huh? Are they? And you… “Transmigrant”? This isn’t

any big surprise to you?
What’s with that reaction? So these “transmigrants”

were common enough that he had a name for them? What

was so rare about it, then?
Hmph. You do see transmigrants, on occasion. Their

memories from the past are burned into their souls, due to
a powerful will. There are some, indeed, who retain every
memory of their past lives. But a transmigrant from
another world… That is quite uncommon. A regular soul, by
itself, would have no hope of surviving a journey across
realms. It would dissolve midway, taking its memories with
it. Someone retaining their full mind and becoming reborn
as a monster out of pure magic… I cannot recall any past
example of that. Quite…peculiar, indeed.

Transmigrants from other worlds, it seemed, kept only

part of their memories at best. Someone like me, who still

had them all, was pretty well unheard of—not that I cared

too much.

He had just told me something I couldn’t afford to

ignore. A soul, “by itself”…? So you could travel to this

world without getting reincarnated or anything?
Huh. Am I that unusual? ’Cause it sure doesn’t feel that

way… Are there people, then, who come here from other
worlds without being trans-whatevered?

There are. None have succeeded in traveling to another
world from here, but there are more than a few that have
completed their travels here from elsewhere. They are
known as “visitors,” or “otherworlders,” and they bear
knowledge of things that do not exist in this world. They
acquire, as I hear it, some manner of special power when
they make the journey here. Beyond that, there are records
of transmigrants, who—as I said—bear knowledge of other
worlds. Not all of them choose to openly identify
themselves as such, though, I imagine.

Interesting. I didn’t know whether they came from the

same planet I did, but it might be good to chat with them a

bit. There might even be some from Japan, for all I knew. It

was probably best for my sanity to have a goal while I was

here, besides.

I see, I see! In that case, I think I’ll try and track down
some of these “otherworlders,” as you called them. Maybe
I’ll find someone from my own land!

Well, one moment. You said you cannot see, yes?
Oh, uh, yeah. And? It was a pain in the ass, yes, but as

long as I took my time and kept from getting myself killed, I

was sure I’d run into some fellow visitors. Probably.
Let me help you see, then.

Um, what? Damn. This guy… I mean, Veldora the Storm

Dragon… He was acting way too nice to me, wasn’t he?

Could I really trust him?
Uh, really?
Indeed. On one condition, however. What do you say?

I didn’t like the sound of that, but…ah, what the hell.
What kind of condition?
A simple one. When I grant you the ability of sight, I beg
of you not to fear me. That, and I bid you come visit and
speak to me again. That is all. I trust my terms are
agreeable to you?

That’s all? Was he sure? What a lonely dragon. Guess

there was no one else around at the top. No wonder he

couldn’t stop talking to me—I must’ve been his first

conversational partner in ages.

If I’d had my druthers, I would have said this dragon was

a total pushover. He might’ve been feeding me a line this

whole time, even, saying he was a dragon. Maybe the

dragons in this world weren’t even all that powerful in the

first place.

Heh. This was a pretty good deal.
Is that really all you need?
Yes. To be honest with you, I was sealed away in here
three hundred years ago. Ever since then, I have had so
much free time on my hands, I was practically out of my
mind with boredom. What do you think?
Well, if that’s all you need, you got yourself a deal!
Good. It is a promise, then…and I trust you will hold up

your end of the bargain.
Of course! Maybe I don’t look it, but you can count on

me, man! Just ask anybody on Earth! They’ll vouch for me!

Hopefully he wouldn’t try to. That would be bad.

Very well. There is a skill known as Magic Sense. Can
you use it?

Oh, here we go again. More walls for me to deal with. So

unfair.

No, I can’t. What kind of skill is that?
It allows you to perceive the particles of magic floating
around you. It is not a very powerful skill, and all it offers is
a visual reference, so it is not difficult to acquire.
Oh… Sounds easy enough.
Indeed. I can wield it as easily as I can breathe. I hardly
even bother to think about it.
Really? So once I learn that, I’ll be able to see again?
Precisely. This world is covered in sheer magic, although
it is not spread evenly across its entire surface. Did you
know, also, that light and sound both have the properties of
a wave?
Yeah, I’ve heard about that. Light waves and sound
waves.
Ah. How intelligent of you. Did you learn of that in your
past world? You must have, I wager. But, indeed, you will
be able to observe how these waves disturb the nearby
particles of magic, then use that information to calculate
how the area around you looks and sounds. Simple, yes?
Um? Not really? What kind of BS was that? I, um, I’m not
really sure whether that sounds simple or not, actually…
No? But that is what allows one to continue fighting even
after losing both their sight and hearing! It protects you
from surprise attacks, and that is all but a requirement for
survival here, is it not?
Y-yeah, but…can we skip all that fighting talk and just
get me seeing again, maybe?
Mmm… Very well. Allow me to help you acquire this

skill, then. This is the only method I am aware of.
W-wait, can you do that? I’m kind of a newborn here…
Worry not. You do have your memories from your past

life, yes? And there, you gained knowledge about the
nature of light and sound. Without that, not even I could
help you, I wager. Luck is on your side, truly.

True. I supposed it would be hard to explain sight to

someone who can’t see at all. I certainly couldn’t manage

it. I read somewhere that Helen Keller learned how to

speak only by following cues she learned before going deaf

at age two. Maybe I could use my knowledge of Earth to

harness this “Magic Sense” thing to figure out what the

world around me was like…

Worth a shot, I guessed. This blindness was getting to be

a massive pain. Plus, I had the Sage on my side. It could

work this out.
I’m ready to learn, sir!
Now, now, no need for such ardor. It is quite simple.

First, try moving the magic around you with the force in
your body.

I had an inkling of what he meant. It was the skill I’d

probably adapted to blow myself out of the water a moment

ago.
Like this?

I tensed up, trying to imagine the strength circulating

through my body. I could feel something moving within—

the magicules my companion was talking about. I hadn’t

been conscious of it in the water, but it looked as though I

could adjust the force by how much I tensed up. Before, I

hadn’t been controlling the water so much as I was

controlling the magic dancing around in it. I was exercising

my magical muscles, and the particles around me were

reacting. It came to me surprisingly quickly.
Mmm. You are more gifted in this than I thought. Now,

do you see the difference between the magic moving within
you and that outside of your body?

Whoa. Maybe this actually was easy. Maybe I was more
sensitive to the magic I absorbed now that I was conscious
of the way I lived off it.

Well, sure! Like, that’s the stuff I’ve been eating all
along, right?

Heh-heh-heh! If you understand that much, the rest is
child’s play. All it takes is feeling the movements of the
particles outside of you.

Yeah, that I didn’t get. But I gave it a shot, doing as I
was told and feeling out the particles surrounding me. And
I found I could.

I could sense them hanging in the air, riding air currents,
moving around—all sorts of sensations.

Let’s ask the Sage about this.

Confirmed. Extra skill “Magic Sense”…successfully
acquired. Use the extra skill Magic Sense?

Yes
No

Huh? It was that easy?
Well, sure—yes, then… Man, talk about a rock I can rely
on!
The moment I invoked Magic Sense, my brain was filled
with new information. A massive amount, something my
human brain never could’ve processed—the waves of light
and sound pushing every single tiny particle around—and I
processed it all, converting it into perceptible data.
The thing about human eyesight is that it doesn’t give
you even a 180-degree view of what’s in front of you. Now,
all of a sudden, I could “see” a full 360 degrees around
myself. The shadows of the rocks around me, the views
hundreds of meters away—the moment I turned my
attention to it, I could figure out what it was. If I were still
human, all this perception data probably would’ve fried my

brain circuits. But now I was a slime. My cells could
provide muscle just as easily as brain power.

So somehow or other, I withstood the torrent of
information. Then—

Synchronizing extra skill Magic Sense with unique skill
Great Sage… Successful. All information will now be
managed by Great Sage.

Suddenly, my vision opened up. The brain-searing
sensation from before was gone, and then I could see—so
clearly that it was a wonder I wasn’t able to do it before.
Something told me that having the Sage at my side was
almost cheating. It wouldn’t be going too far to put it that
way. If someone else had it, I’d probably bitch that it was
against the rules. Since I had it, though… No problem.

Oh, I think I’ve got it. Thank you very much! I said,
turning my attention to the creature in front of me.

Holy crap. He really was a dragon. He was covered in
scales that shone a dark shade of black, tougher looking
than steel itself but supple and flexible. A big, evil-looking…

Gahh! You’re a dragon!!
He looked positively demonic, towering far higher than I
anticipated. My internal scream welled up, pouring out of
me, and I don’t think I could really be blamed for it.

What a surprise. I feel bad for ever thinking this guy was
pet sized. This was…for real. Absolutely no doubt.

The body, startlingly similar to a Western-style dragon’s,
shone like obsidian. There were six fingers on each “hand,”
equipped with claws that looked ready to tear through
whatever they found. The two pairs of wings on his back—
one larger than the other—came to a point at their respective ends, like swords honed to perfection and ready
to dice.





Upon closer observation, the ominous scales covering his

entire body actually radiated a dark purplish light—a

mixture, perhaps, of their natural color and the unearthly

force that made its way through the surface. There was

something strangely beautiful about his vast shape, the

picture of majestic dignity. I began regretting being so rude

back when I couldn’t take it all in, but that was all water

under the bridge.

Turned out, by the way, that I was indeed oval shaped.

Like a little bun. Kind of a…light turquoise, maybe? Lighter

than the daylight sky, but not by a lot. A rather elegant

color, I thought. Shame about the whole being-a-slime

thing.
You do remember your promise, yes? And considering

your previous complaints, you learned rather quickly, no?
Oh, of course! I was just joking a little, is all. I can see

just fine, and plus I can hear now, too. I really appreciate
this!

Hmph. You could have taken your time…
So he was fine after all. A little scary looking, but he was
awfully kind to me, for no good reason. He really was
lonely, I imagined. It was unfortunate that he looked the

way he did. Kind of like that little story about the poor red

demon who wanted to befriend the humans.
So what do you intend to do next?
Well, for starters, I figure I might as well look for some

otherworlders from my home country. Not that I care too
much if I don’t, but…you know.

Finding some would be better, but it’s not as if we’re

guaranteed to become fast friends. Plus, with my brand-

new eyesight, scoping out the world could do wonders for

me. Harvesting the light and sound around me had just

expanded my world a thousandfold. Now, finally, I could say

good-bye to my days of literally chewing the cud in my tiny

cave or whatever.

That dragon, though.

The more I stared at him, the more sinister and

terrifying he seemed. And yet he didn’t move a single inch.

He mentioned a three-hundred-year-old seal, right?
By the way, Veldora, you said something about being…

sealed away?
Mm? Ah. Yes, I perhaps underestimated my opponent

slightly. I eventually began fighting with, shall we say, more
urgency, but…well, it was rather too late by then!

The dragon sounded almost proud of his losing

performance. Magic was one thing, but I doubted there was

a sword or lance in this or any other world that could

scratch him. It wasn’t as if I knew that much of this world

yet—maybe it was crawling with horrifying monsters even

more powerful than him, or something?
Was your opponent that tough?
She was…quite strong. She was what the humans call a

“hero,” one blessed with so-called divine protection.

A hero? My days in front of a game console had made me

well familiar with that term. Simply doing hero stuff didn’t

make you dragon-slaying material, though. A lot of recent

games had turned their so-called “heroes” into foils or

parodies of themselves, besides. Maybe things were still a

bit more traditional around here.
Now that I recall, Veldora continued, the hero also said

she was “summoned.” Perhaps she hails from the same
area as you.

Oh? I dunno… Where I come from, nobody’s that strong,
you know?

Perhaps, but many otherworlders come here bearing
special powers. Powers that are chiseled into their souls in
the midst of their journey. The summoned will always bear
one such skill—a unique skill, one exclusive to them and
them alone. Unlike the otherworlders who come here by
sheer accident, these people bear a soul strong enough to
withstand the stress of the summoning process. The fact

that said summoning process so rarely succeeds in this
world otherwise proves as much.

When you say “summoning process,” do you mean…
magic, or whatever?

Precisely. A process requiring at least thirty magicians
conducting a ceremony that takes place over three days. It
is rarely successful, but it is seen as a powerful weapon to
have in one’s arsenal, should the need arise.

A weapon?
Mm. Those summoned in such a manner are bound by a
magical curse upon their soul, unable to resist the orders of
their masters.
Whoa, really? No human rights or anything?
Human rights? What rights would one possibly expect in
this, of all worlds? Do not entertain such fantasies in this
realm, little one. The only law that reigns here is survival of
the fittest. Might, as they say, makes right.

Well, huh. If you got summoned to this world, no point

hoping that your old values applied over here, I guessed.

Bit hard to accept that.

So are you saying that otherworlders pretty much get
treated like slaves here?

No. It depends. There is no Domination Stamp applied to
them. If society accepts them, they are free to live their
lives as they please. They can become adventurers or the
like. Many otherworlder adventurers have sought my
head… They learned the error of their ways soon enough!
Hyaaa-ha-ha-ha-ha!!

So you’re only forced into servitude if you were
summoned here, huh…?

Not “servitude,” exactly, but I suppose so, yes. I like to
believe I know a great deal about the humans, but “a great
deal” is not everything.

No… You’re a dragon, besides.
In way, he knew almost too much as a dragon. At least

conversing together put me on his good side—enough that

he answered all my questions. So we kept talking—Veldora
and I, dragon and slime, about all sorts of things.

How had the fight gone with this hero?
How strong was she?
Her skin was pale in color, the dragon told me; her lips
were bright red and small. Her long hair was a dark shade
of silver, kept back in a single ponytail. She was slim, not
that tall, rather small for a human.
Her face was apparently covered by a mask, but there
was no doubting her beauty. I asked him whether this
beauty was enough to distract him, whether he was too
enrapt to defend himself properly. Enough of your
nonsense! he bellowed back at me.
Apparently she carried a long, curved sword. A “katana,”
it was called. She didn’t bother with a shield. Taking
advantage of two unique skills—Absolute Severance and
Unlimited Imprisonment—and a wealth of other magic, she,
as Veldora put it, “overwhelmed” him. There was more than
a trace of nostalgic contentment in his voice, or so it
seemed to me.

Something I picked up on as we spoke was that this
dragon… I think he really liked humans. He kept calling
them “wimps” and “garbage” and such, but from the way
he put it, he never deliberately killed anyone who attacked
him. Not unless they went out of their way to rile him. One
time, three centuries ago—just one time, he emphasized—a
certain chain of events made him reduce an entire city to
embers. That was what made the people send a hero his
way, and now—thanks to that hero’s Unlimited
Imprisonment—he was in his current predicament.

I had trouble enough figuring out my own feelings about
a lot of things. Other people’s, I could only guess at. But I
was starting to get the impression that, well, maybe this

wasn’t such a bad dragon at all. I mean, I liked him. And he

wasn’t anywhere near as scary as before.
All right! Well, um… What do you think? Friends, then?
It was kind of…no, really embarrassing to put it like that.

I’d have been blushing right then, if I could.
Wh-what? A mere slime, daring to seek the friendship of

the mighty beast feared worldwide as Veldora the Storm
Dragon?!

Oh, um, you don’t have to if you don’t want, but…
You fool! You foolish fool!! Who said anything about not
wishing it?!
Oh, no? Okay, so, um…now what?
—Mmm, indeed… If you insist…I suppose I could
consider it…

I could feel him sneaking furtive glances at me. It would

have been one thing if it had been a cute girl sitting next to

me at the movie theater, but it was quite another when it

was a death-dealing mythical beast. Not fun. Pretty funny,

though.
Yep. I insist. It’s settled! And if you don’t like it, then

watch out, ’cause I’ll never come back!
No!—Ah, so be it. I will become your…friend. I do hope

you appreciate the gesture!

Heh. I wondered whether I could manipulate the other

three dragons he mentioned like this. I was made to exploit

people, and he was made to be exploited. A perfect match.
Well, to future times, then!
Indeed! To future times! …Ah, yes, allow me to give you

a name. In exchange, you will give one to us both.
Huh? Why? Where’d that come from?
It shall chisel into our souls the fact that we are of the

same rank. Something similar to the family names the
humans use—except my name, for you, will also provide a
kind of divine blessing. You are still nameless now, but
through this, you will become a full-fledged named monster.

Mmmm.

So he wanted me to come up with a common name for us
to share? And in exchange, I’d get my own name and all the
benefits of named-monster status? Better think up
something good. I’m terrible at this stuff…

Well, you said you were a storm dragon, so… I dunno,
“Tempest” or something?

Ugh. Kind of on the nose, I know, but it sounded cool to
me, so—

Perfect! So be it! A wonderful timbre to that title, yes.
He liked it?!
From this day forward, they will call me Veldora
Tempest! And you… You will be called Rimuru. Proclaim to
the world that your name is Rimuru Tempest!
Thus the name was carved into my soul. Not that it did
too much to me. Or my abilities. But somewhere, deep
inside my soul, something did change a bit. I suppose the
same could be said of Veldora. And that’s how we became
friends.

Well, it was time to get going, I supposed. But before
that:

Hey, so I had something I wanted to ask before I left,
but…can’t you do anything about that seal on you?

Not with my powers, no. Someone with a unique skill on
the same level as the hero’s would be necessary for there
to be even a chance.

You don’t have any, Veldora?
I do, but now that I am sealed off, I can access none of
them. Telepathy is about all I can manage at the moment.
The hero’s Unlimited Imprisonment could hold its target
captive in an infinite number of imaginary spaces for all of
time. It wasn’t some weak barrier that would allow casual
interference with the real world. Looking back, it should
have struck me as strange that Telepathy was possible,
even. It wasn’t the sort of thing that would break down

over time—but given that he could have any contact with
the real world, and even exchange messages, perhaps it
said more about Veldora. Neither of us noticed this at the
time, though.

Well, here, lemme try something…
I rolled over to Veldora and tapped my body against him.

Invoking unique skill Predator to consume unique skill
Unlimited Imprisonment… Failed.

I figured as much, but no, I certainly wasn’t hero caliber.
With a dazzling light, my unique skill tried to do its work
but weakly bounced off without any further comment. I
thought it might have made a small rip, but that was all.
The barrier would repair itself shortly, no doubt. I was
hoping that unique skill on unique skill would result in
something, but it didn’t.

Was there anything I could do, though? Something…

Received. Partial Analysis of unique skill Unlimited
Imprisonment complete. Reporting a potential escape route.

Any escape involving a physical body is not possible. The
chance of destroying the prison by physically damaging it is
zero. Cannot analyze an escape route involving the
annulment of imaginary space. One would need to be
caught within the same Unlimited Imprisonment situation in
order to analyze it from the inside. This is currently
impossible.

The chance of escaping in spiritual form is one percent.

If a spiritual receptacle is prepared for the target on the
outside to aid in the transition, the success rate is three

percent. This process is equivalent to transmigration. If the
target is poorly compatible with the receptacle, he will lose
all memories and abilities.

This concludes the report on potential escape routes.

—Hmm. Kind of low numbers, it sounds like. Unlimited
Imprisonment looked like nothing more than a transparent
membrane from my perspective…but physical damage did
nothing against it? Maybe it had some kind of
insurmountable defense attached to it, for all I knew.

Hey, did you lay any damage on this hero at all? Or vice
versa?

Ah, I am glad you asked! Most of my attacks were
evaded, but I did land several direct hits…which, I regret,
had no effect on her. Death-Calling Wind, Dark Lightning,
even Storm of Destruction had no effect, despite being
completely unavoidable. A total loss… All I could do was
laugh!

Veldora then accentuated the point with a loud, hearty
guffaw.

It sounded as though you could also use this Unlimited
Imprisonment skill to cover your own body, making a shield
to protect from external attack. Pretty handy thing to have
around. This hero was starting to sound downright
omnipotent. Between that and Absolute Severance, she was
all but invincible, wasn’t she? I really wouldn’t want to run
into her…but then, I wouldn’t have to. I would have liked to
assume she had died in the ensuing three hundred years, at
least. Either way, she was one tough character.

So if I was going to get him out of here, it would be
through transferring his consciousness into a new body,
huh?

I guess I need some kind of receptacle to get you out of

here. Even if it’s in spirit form only, it sounds like it oughta
be possible…

No point telling him what kind of odds he had to go on.

I’d just be hurting Veldora further if I dampened his spirits.
Mm? There is a way out of here?! Indeed… I feel my

magical force will exhaust itself by no later than a hundred
years from now. My magic continues to flow out of me, even
now.

Yeah? So that’s why there’s such a concentration of it
around here…

Indeed. Even high-class monsters would not dare
approach. You saw how there were no weeds on the
ground? The sort of plants that can thrive in this area are
very rare indeed!

Right. I recalled all the hipokute herbs I’d churned

through over my short life. It was that valuable, huh?
Yeah, so…you wanna try escaping, maybe? If I had the

right receptacle, I think that’d help our chances a fair
amount… Do you know what I’d need, though?

…Indeed, even if I escaped in spiritual form only, it
would be quite difficult to regather magic and form my core
once more. Your creating a small tear in the prison helped
my chances immensely, no doubt. As for that receptacle—
the new core, if you will—if you can bring one to me, all I’d
have to do is traverse myself over to it. Transmigration, I
suppose…

Yow! And here I thought he was a little slow. He knew

exactly what I was getting at, didn’t he? The exact same

conclusion the Sage had made.
Pretty much, yeah. If it’s something I can get on this

side, I could look for it for you.
Hmm… To tell the truth, I do not need any core at all…

You can keep a secret, I trust? As I said, I am both unique
and the most perfect of my kind. A fully unique creation,
one that takes purely spiritual form. I have no particular
attachment to this body. It is merely the faith of those who

live around me that forms the shape you see.
There he went again. Spouting off complete nonsense.

As far as I could piece together in the ensuing
conversation, the basic idea went like this:

Using his consciousness alone, he could gather
magicules toward him to form a physical body. Said body
was currently being held in this prison, but that prison also
prevented his will from collecting the magic he needed.
Could he escape in consciousness form alone? No, because
he needed some kind of receptacle.

If he simply burst out in spirit form, his essence would
scatter to the winds like the magic itself, erasing his very
existence. This would result in the birth of a new storm
dragon, somehow, somewhere—I didn’t care about the
details by this point. But to sum up, maybe he could
escape, but if he did, he’d wind up being something else. It
wouldn’t matter to him.

So much for that. But what if I used Predator to consume
Veldora himself? I could either analyze him inside my
stomach, or isolate him and annul the effect of Unlimited
Imprisonment, and he’d be out. Would that work?

Received: It is possible to store the target Veldora in your
stomach via the unique skill Predator.

Really…? In that case, if I could convince him of it, we
could get going. If I couldn’t, he’d have another century of
isolation before he was reduced to nonexistence. So I spent
a few moments explaining the Predator skill to Veldora, and
what I wanted to do with it. It’d be impossible from the get-
go without the Sage’s help, but…

Mwah-hah-hah-hah-hah! Fascinating! Please, go ahead. I
leave myself at your mercy!

You’re that ready to believe me?
But of course! It’d be far more fun to break through this
prison with you than sit around and await your return! With
the two of us together, this Unlimited Imprisonment could
fall quicker than we thought!
Now I got it. He was one, but now we were two. I liked
his outlook.
So the plan was I’d use Great Sage and Predator to
analyze this beast, and Veldora would try to destroy it from
the inside. No worries about Veldora dissipating away in
my stomach. I was starting to think this could actually
work.
All right. So I’m gonna consume you, all right? Hurry up
and get outta there.
Heh-heh-heh! Right away! You shall make me wait no
longer! Let us finally join together!
Right! I summoned up my stores of resolve, touching him
for a moment—then activated my Predation skill. In a
moment, Veldora’s massive form disappeared from sight.
It happened almost too fast. We were talking just a
moment ago. Seeing him gone suddenly made me feel very
small and very solitary. Using the skill on my first target
created too much resistance to work at all, but with the
help of a fully cooperative Veldora in all his hugeness, it
couldn’t have gone more smoothly. He and Unlimited
Imprisonment itself were sucked in at once.
Kind of a surprise it all fit in me, though. Checking my
stomach usage… Geez, 25 percent? How big was that
thing, anyway?
Then:

Conduct Analysis of unique skill Unlimited Imprisonment?
Yes
No

This better work, I prayed as I thought Yes to myself.

A cataclysm shook the world on that day.
It was the only way to describe the reaction when the

disappearance of the storm dragon Veldora was confirmed.
It wasn’t every day that a Special S-ranked monster simply
vanished without a trace.

Monsters, as well as adventurers, were ranked on a
system of six grades, from A to F. Pluses and minuses could
be attached to these grades for extra precision. This system
was first put into place by a man named Yuuki Kagurazaka,
a rumored otherworlder and one of the few to assume the
topmost rank of “grand master” in the Free Guild. It was
quickly adopted, thanks to being much easier to
understand than the previous, somewhat arbitrary four-tier
system of “novice” → “beginner” → “intermediate” →
“advanced.”

The Special S rank combined the S rank, which
comprised demon lord–class foes that deserved more than
simply an A, with the “Special” tag reserved for those
above even that class—monsters capable of single-handedly
engineering calamities or natural disasters. A scale-
breaking rank, existing wholly outside the six traditional
ones. Normally, an A-ranked monster alone would be
dreadful enough to threaten the existence of a nation—
someone like Veldora was dangerous enough to plunge it
into despair.

Three hundred years of penance had done nothing to
affect the dragon’s rank as a natural disaster–level threat.
Just because he had disappeared didn’t mean he couldn’t
be reborn somewhere, posing a new menace before long.

But twenty days after the initial report of his
disappearance, the Western Holy Church issued a report

that, as far as its investigations could tell, Veldora the
Storm Dragon both no longer existed and showed no sign
of existing anytime soon.

Word spread first in the area around the Forest of Jura, a
broad plain dotted with a large number of minor countries.
Once Veldora’s fate had been broadly reported, each one of
them sprang to their feet, the proverbial hornet’s nest
stimulated to action. Every king and every minister of every
nation held day after day of emergency meetings, gathering
information and debating what to do next.

It was a trying time for the Baron of Veryard, minister of
the small kingdom of Blumund, but not half as trying as it
was for the man Veryard had called into his private
chamber that day. This was Fuze, a man just as renowned
for his sharp, unrelenting eyes as he was for his small
stature. He was the guild master for this kingdom, a
position affording him a hefty amount of authority even in
such a tiny nation.

“I believe you know why I summoned you here,” the
baron began the moment Fuze walked through the
archway. “You have heard about the storm dragon by now,
have you not?”

Fuze nodded. “Of course, my baron,” he said in his low,
hoarse voice.

“Hmph,” Veryard spat out in response. “I suppose I
should expect nothing less of you, my good guild master.
Now, may I ask about how the guild intends to respond?”

“We have no particular plans at this time, sir.”
“…I’m sorry, did I hear you correctly? You have no
intention to take action?”
“Yes, sir,” Fuze replied with a voice devoid of emotion,
silently asking the baron what he was so perturbed about.
“I do not feel any action is necessary.”
The baron, not a great fan of this response, chose to

keep those feelings hidden. “Rather a strange thing to say,
is it not? Not necessary? The disappearance of Veldora the
Storm Dragon may portend further monster activity in the
space of days, even hours! And you are taking no measure
at all against it?”

“It would strike me as rather strange to do so, sir, for
taking such measures is the job of the state. I am
responsible for the Free Guild, not for providing volunteer
work when bidden.”

This was the truth, as far as Fuze was concerned. The
Free Guild was an independent, nongovernmental agency.
Its members were afforded no special guarantees of
security or comfort—unlike the assorted workers and
craftsmen on the government ledger—but the basic rights
that all citizens were entitled to. Their only official debt to
the kingdom came in the form of taxes.

That was the system in Blumund, as it was in nearly all
the nations that surrounded it. To put it another way, the
Free Guild was a group that operated outside the
framework of any nation—and one far more unified than a
single government as well. It was a fact that some of their
operations occurred without the knowledge or consent of
these nations, whether the guild intended it to be seen that
way or not.

“Is it not the responsibility of the state,” the guild master
meekly continued, “to protect the assets of its people? In
the same way, it is the guild’s responsibility to protect the
lives of its members. We both have a lot on our plates, I
suppose.”

Fuze wasn’t sure whether he had imagined the blue vein
that had just popped up on Veryard’s forehead or not.

He hadn’t. The baron knew his position was being
probed.

“Enough pretense, Guild Master! How many
mercenaries can you provide us? How many adventurers
with combat experience? What is the size of the defense

force you can provide in service? I need numbers!”
The guild master gave a roll of his eyes and sighed. “I do

hope we are on the same page when I say this, sir, but I will
remind you, we are not an army of volunteers. If we are
talking about a mobilization based on the terms of our
agreement, I can provide you the equivalent of one-tenth of
our members. If you wish access to anything beyond that,
well, that would all depend on our compensation.”

The population of Blumund was almost exactly one
million. The membership log of the local Free Guild totaled
around seven thousand, family members not included.
Thus, if the kingdom decided to invoke its agreement with
the guild and muster 10 percent of its members—seven
hundred in all—these fighters would officially join the
command of the national army.

Such an order, of course, would apply only to guild
members who belonged to Blumund and no other nation.
All Free Guild members fell under the same banner, but
their home nations were also clearly stated in the logs for
this reason. What’s more, while a nation had the right to
define its own mobilization period under this agreement, it
was also obliged to give the guild a one-fifth discount on
taxes collected during the entire period. This allowed
governments to rapidly summon a powerful force, and the
guild to make sure its men would not be obligated to the
state for too much of their time. For a group like the guild,
which was required to pay salaries to all deployed members
in advance, it was the obvious approach to take.

Besides, even if a government asked for every man the
local Free Guild had, there would be no way to handle
them. After all, only about half of any guild’s membership
had any fighting skill.

The Blumund nobles were fully aware of this. Normally,

they wouldn’t have their top minister attempt to bully the
guild master into better terms…but the times demanded
otherwise. The monsters were stirring, for one—but even
beyond that, they had more pressing motivations.

“Very well. Enough of this. Are you trying to wring the
truth out of me, Fuze?”

Fuze’s eyebrows raised a little at the mention of his
name. Veryard rarely, if ever, called him by it. He turned his
eyes toward the baron for the first time.

“The area near Veldora’s prison was meant to be
absolutely impenetrable,” he said. “Now that route may
potentially be open to direct navigation—and that means
we must consider the possibility of the Eastern Empire
taking action.”

“Ah, certainly so!” the baron replied. “Whether they
were letting Veldora be or were simply afraid of the seal
being broken, we have been detecting sudden new
movements in the Empire after a long period of silence. Do
you understand what that means? If they can navigate that
forest, this kingdom will be swallowed up instantly. And we
can forget about the Western Holy Church providing us any
meaningful support! The countries around the Forest of
Jura have no meaningful alliance with each other. We will
all become Empire vassals in the blink of an eye!”

“No support from the Church…? I fear not, no. They
never were terribly interested in wars between mere
mortals in the first place. Annihilating the monsters is what
their doctrine calls for.”

“Quite so. If we could have them deploy even one of their
paladins, the Empire wouldn’t be so quick to move… Not
needing to prepare for monster attacks would buy us some
time, at least.”

“I doubt anything could stir the Church to action,” Fuze
said. “The destruction of a nation or two does nothing to
affect their own finances. They cannot help everyone, nor
even their own flock.” He took a moment to gauge the

baron’s face. Veryard looked exhausted, as if he had aged
rapidly in just the past few days. It was understandable.

The two of them were childhood friends. And even
though Veryard was merely a baron, if the public knew of
Fuze’s close contact with a member of the nobility, it would
create assorted difficulties for the both of them. They both
had to pretend to use each other for their own personal
gain, which was why they usually portrayed their
relationship as surly and resentful.

It would take more than the power of a small kingdom to
overcome this thorny obstacle they now faced. But perhaps,
Fuze thought, his friend was being overly anxious. The
Empire was on the move, it was true, but that didn’t mean
they should expect an attack before sunset.

“But how do we know the Empire will take action against
us?” he offered. “I will gladly conduct my own personal
inquiries into the matter. I’d advise you not to expect much,
but I can at least gauge the situation in the Forest of Jura
and around the Empire.”

“…I would appreciate that.”
Yes. There was no guarantee the Empire would act
against them. If it was going to, it would undoubtedly be
with a large force. It was never a nation to waste its time
with small skirmishes. No, it would casually send over a
force of a million or so and trample over every nation in the
area, one by one. Assembling such an army would take
time, at least three years or so. Which was not a generous
amount, but it created some wiggle room to work with.
“I had best begin gathering information, then,” Fuze said
to close the conversation. “There is little time. I am off!”
“Thank you…”
The two of them nodded and went their separate ways.
There was much to do.

Thirty days had passed since I swallowed Veldora. What
had I been up to? Well, think about it. If you were being
attacked by a monster, what would you do?

I mean, I was a slime now. It would be hard for me to zip
away from a slavering attacker, much less defend myself.
So I’d been spending my time thinking about how to fight
back.

Along the way, I’d also been consuming any particularly
odd-looking herbs or glowing rocks I stumbled across.
There was a fair amount. I was still in the region Veldora
described as teeming with local magic, and nearly
everything I found there was hipokute herbs. Which was
about what I figured. More healing potions for me, I
suppose.

I also found that most of the glowing stones and such
around here were what was called “magic ore,” which
could supposedly be refined into a metal harder than iron
or steel and highly compatible with magic. I was kinda
hoping for something a little less common, but I didn’t even
know whether orichalcum or crimson ore existed here,
even if they were famous back on Earth. I shouldn’t be too
greedy.

So as I was chowing down on all these yummy herbs and
rock, an idea came to mind!

If I could spit out water fast enough to give me powers of
flight, maybe I could slice right through foes, too, like a
high-pressure water jet cutter?

No, no, I know what you’re thinking. You’re thinking I
was about to screw it up again, aren’t you? You really
shouldn’t look down on people like that. I was good in a
pinch, you know. They always wrote that in my report cards
at school and stuff—“excellent work when he applies

himself.”
So yeah, I think it’d work.
Back I went to the underground lake from before. Just as

I had imagined, the pool was pretty big. The air felt
supremely tranquil to me. There were no creatures around
—not even in the water, I assumed, what with all the magic
soaked up inside it—which made it all the quieter. Pure,
unadulterated nature! Truly a sight to see.

But back to business. I moved right into the “action”
phase last time without testing a single thing, which was
fairly ill-advised. That, and I ejected too much water at
once, propelling myself far quicker than intended. No game
plan whatsoever. This time, I’d keep it at water-pistol level,
expelling just a bit at a time. Just taking a mouthful of
water and—thpbbt—spitting it out.

Here I go.
Hmm. Not much water coming out. Too small of an exit
hole? I expanded it a bit. Water shot out with a little more
energy this time, dousing a nearby boulder I was targeting.
A promising sign.
After a few more minutes spent adjusting my water
levels, I decided to boost the pressure just a tad more
before opening wide. Launch. Then again. Then again,
gradually upping the output as I kept my water-gun
practice going.
It was starting to take form, yes. But, okay, while a shot
of water might sting a bit, I didn’t think it’d deliver a
particularly decisive attack.
So now what? I thought to myself as I took a dip into the
lake to gather my thoughts. Whenever I was tired, that was
my cue to hit the bath for a bit. I wasn’t just splashing
around for kicks, all right? Besides, it also gave me a
chance to use Magic Sense and observe myself floating and
sinking in the water. I reminded myself of a jellyfish, kind

of.
Maybe I could vibrate my body’s surface to create

currents or something? I gave it a shot, running magical
force across my “skin” to control the particles around me.
The vibration ran across my entire body, so I tried to point
it in a single direction—and that was all it took to get me
moving.

Nice! I spent a little while whizzing around the water
like that, enjoying the experience. A nice change of pace, to
be sure, but I totally wasn’t just messing around, all right?
Let’s keep that straight.

Skill “Current Movement” acquired.

I thought it was the Sage for a moment, but it turned out
to be the World Language instead. That bit of playing
around just earned me a new skill. Oh, but it wasn’t playing
around, okay? I was just relaxing a bit.

Thanks to that, though, I could now flit around in or on
the water at a pretty decent clip. If need be, I could use
Water Pressure Propulsion to speed things up, too.
Considering I didn’t need to breathe, fighting in the water
might actually give me an advantage, for all I knew. Good
for fleeing into, at least.

That and other matters like it were on my mind as I left
the lake. Break time was over, and it had certainly borne
fruit for me. As I was relaxing, I had come up with a few
new concepts.

If I was going to keep pursuing the water-gun approach,
I’d have to apply constant pressure to my jet output for an
extended period of time. Instead, I decided to picture the
cylinder of a car engine, applying pressure to my inside
while releasing a comparatively small amount of water per
go. Adjusting the pressure and the diameter of my output

hole allowed me to adjust the force of expulsion, just like
before.

And thankfully, just as I’d hoped, it worked. A small jet,
ejected sharply out of my body, slapped itself against the
boulder—and it actually broke the rock slightly where it hit.

Success…I think. Better keep practicing before I forget
the knack. Adjust output diameter, adjust pressure…and try
putting a bit of spin on the water as you eject it, too. There
was a lot to think about as I kept rehearsing it.

But that was it! That was the mental picture I had to
keep in mind. Slicing through with water. I had to make the
jets as thin and flat as possible, applying just the right spin
to them.

So I gave it a whirl. And it worked! The cylindrical shot
of water fought through the air resistance fast enough to
leave afterimages, just like a blade…then slashed its way
right through the rock. With enough force to astound even
me.

It was the pinnacle of my efforts, the best results of my
week of practice.

Skill “Water Blade” acquired.
Skills “Water Pressure Propulsion,” “Current
Movement,” and “Water Blade” acquired. Combining and
upgrading to extra skill “Control Water.”

Whoa! It really did work. Extra skills were supposed to
offer a completely different level of force than regular ones.
Now I had a way of defending myself. It was just about time
to head off.

Well. Finally.
One hundred and twenty days had passed since I got
reincarnated at the banks of this cavern lake. Was I
nervous? Yes. I still couldn’t talk, exactly. I had no vocal

cords, and I’d been poking around my body for something I
could use as a substitute, but no dice yet. Staying here until
I had more success was one option, but unlike with the
water blades, I really had nothing to go on. For now, it’d
have to be Telepathy or nothing—and if my would-be
conversational partner couldn’t use that, then so be it. Not
the greatest of situations, but there you go.

Either way, I couldn’t goof around in here forever. I
wanted to see the outside world, and if I could, I’d love to
run into some fellow Japanese otherworlder castaways.
Learning some magic could be fun, too!

It was time to get started. No time like the present, and
all that.

Veldora wasn’t giving me any particular responses or
signs inside me. It almost felt as though I’d lost him, but I
knew that wasn’t the case. We had a promise, besides. Next
time we meet, I better have some funny stories I can share
with him.

With an internal sigh, I traveled down the lone path
upward from the broad underground cavern I had grown
used to, my mind on the wide world to come. Who knew
what would be awaiting me? I hardly knew what to expect,
but I knew I wanted it.





THE GIRL AND THE DEMON LORD

The main thing I remember is the fire raining down.
The grip of my mother’s hand against mine felt so light,

fleeting, and I was too terrified to see the way ahead.
An incendiary bomb went off nearby, turning our

surroundings into a sea of flame. Where were we supposed
to go? It was burning all around us…

I—Shizue Izawa—felt myself teetering on the brink of
desperation.

Ahh… Is this where I’m going to die…?
Even at the age of eight, I understood that well enough. I
had no relatives I could rely on; I lived alone with my
mother. My father had been drafted into the war so long
ago that I didn’t even remember what he looked like. I was
never quite sure whether I should be happy or sad about
that, but either way, it had become my normal life, and I
had to accept it for what it was. Me, and my life, and my
fate to die in the flames.
And then—

“You want to live? If you want to live, heed my voice!”

—a voice echoed in my head.
Did I want to live? How should I know? I was too young
to answer that question.
Still, though…
Looking at my mother, now just a pair of hands after she

had shielded me with her body, I couldn’t stop the tears
from coming.

And I thought to myself—
I want to live!

Confirmed. Responding to summoner’s request…
Successful.

I can’t take it anymore. It’s too scary; it’s too hot. Help
me, Mom…

I lay there and cried, no longer fearful of the flame, as I
wished life for myself.

Confirmed. Extra skills “Control Flame” and “Cancel
Flame Attack”…successfully acquired.

Then my wish came true.
Just…not exactly the way I’d hoped for.

When I next awoke, I was inside the lair of a monster, a
lone man in front of me. He had blue eyes, long blond hair,
a well-defined face, and long, slitted eyes. His skin was so
pale, I thought I could almost see through it. His sheer
beauty would make nearly anyone mistake him for a
woman.

His name was Leon Cromwell—one of the most powerful
figures of this world, a so-called demon lord ascended from
the human race. Also known as the “Platinum Devil.” He
sized me up.

“…Another failure,” he whispered, seemingly
disappointed at the sight of me, and he showed no further
interest in me after that.

Perhaps that was why he never bothered killing me, not
even with the serious burns I had all over my body. I was

close to death, and I didn’t even matter to him. Just a frail
little girl clinging to life and no doubt dying soon enough if
left alone.

I couldn’t stand that thought. I was still alive. I didn’t
want to be abandoned. And I never forgot that experience.
That moment of frustrated desperation as he sized me up
and tossed me away. That memory wound up following me
for the rest of my life’s journey.

At the time, I had nobody to turn to, none of the strength
I needed to survive. The only chance I had to keep going
was Leon, my demon lord. He symbolized power to me, and
being abandoned by him literally meant death.

I suppose I must have instinctually understood that,
because without even thinking about it, I had extended a
hand out toward Leon.

“Help… Help me…”
But the longing arm I stretched out to the demon failed
to reach him. I gave up on myself, and with that came the
anger.
Ahh… I really am going to die here…
The sheer selfishness of rescuing me and then leaving
me to die was something I just couldn’t let go of.
“You liar,” I said, summoning what little strength I had
left. “You asked me if I wanted to live.”
I couldn’t stop the tears as I glared straight up at the
demon. I was no longer capable of forming a coherent
sentence, but if I had to summarize my thoughts, I suppose
they’d be along the lines of this:
You called for me, you gave up on me… I can’t believe
you ignored me! That’s cruel!
In the end, it was another demonic whim that saved me.
His eyes eerily lit up once more. “Heh. A liar, eh?” he
whispered. “One moment…”
The ominous reply filled me with anxiety—but my near-
fatal burns left me with nothing else to do. All I could do
was prostrate myself before the will of this monster, this

Leon.
“I had thought you were merely garbage,” he said, “but

maybe you’re suited for flame after all.” Then he activated
the summoning spell for Ifrit, the fire titan. It was easy for
him. No casting required at all. And when the giant
appeared, he tossed him a casual order:

“I’m giving you a body. Use it well.”
It was all the evidence anyone needed to show that Leon
treated me as less than human. My frustration began
evolving into hatred. The trauma was etched into my mind
at such a tender age.

“You want to live? If you want to live, show me your
will!”

It must have been my imagination. There was no way the
demon lord could have ever said anything like that to me.
No way he could have extended a hand out to me just
before I succumbed to my burns.

But it was true: thanks to having my body possessed, I
lived because of him.

The summoned Ifrit followed his orders, attempting to
merge himself with my young frame. I immediately felt my
limbs grow numb. It felt as if Ifrit was trying to snatch my
body away from me. Just as Leon ordered, he was
attempting to commandeer my body for his own use.

Confirming. Do you wish to be possessed by Ifrit in order
to live?

Yes
No

As I cowered at the ghastly force flowing into me, I

silently prayed to myself.

I don’t want to die! Not yet! But…I can’t… I can’t let my
old self disappear!

Confirmed. Possession by Ifrit…successful. Ifrit’s
possession is stabilizing Shizue Izawa’s magicules…
Successful. Furthermore,
successfully acquired. unique skill “Deviant”…

Thus, thanks to a wild serious of coincidences, I
managed to survive.







CHAPTER 2

BATTLE OF THE GOBLIN VILLAGE

The path from the underground lake to the surface took the
form of a single long cavern path, which I was currently
bouncing and oozing my way along. I was moving quite a
bit better than I’d originally pictured. Even in the dank
darkness, harnessing Magic Sense made it look as bright as
a sunny day to me.

Back when I was blind, I was too focused on my footing
to notice, but slimes can actually truck along pretty quickly
when they want to. I never got particularly fatigued, but
there was no real reason to hurry either, so I tended to
keep it at a regular walking rate by human standards. (This
was definitely not because my last flirtation with exuberant
locomotion landed me square in the water.)

As I plodded on, I found that the path was blocked by a
large gate—the first man-made object I had seen in this
cave. Very suspicious, but it didn’t throw me off much. It
was just like any of the dozens I had seen before in RPGs.
Every boss room usually had a gate in front of it.

So how to get it open? Water Blade my way through the
bars? It seemed like a decent idea, but as I thought it over,
the door opened by itself with a creak. Flustered, I scurried
over to one side of the path and watched.

“Whew! Finally got this thing open. The whole lockin’
mechanism must’ve rusted out…,” someone said.

“Yeah, I’ll bet. Nobody’s even tried going in for three
hundred years or whatever, right?” replied a second voice.

“There is no record of anyone attempting an entry. Are
you sure we’re safe? We are not leaving ourselves open to
sudden attack…?” commented a third.

“Gah-hah-hah-hah!” laughed the second one. “Come on.
Maybe this guy was invincible a few centuries back, but it’s
just a big overgrown lizard, y’know? I told you guys ’bout
how I bagged a basilisk solo once, didn’t I? It’ll be fine!”

“I was wondering about that, actually,” the third replied.
“Are you sure that’s the truth, Kabal? A basilisk is a B-plus-
ranked monster. You truly handled that by yourself?”

“Quit playing dumb! I’m B ranked, y’know! Some huge
reptile ain’t gonna faze me!”

“All right, all right. Just keep your guard up, if you could.
And remember, we can always use my Escape skill if things
turn sour…”

“Can we save the friendly chitchat for later?” the first
interjected. “I need some quiet. It’s just about time for me
to activate Concealing Arts!”

Three of them, it sounded like, none of them making
much of an effort at stealth. And I understood everything
they said, too. Odd.

Received. Your Magic Sense skill can be adapted to
decipher sound waves that have willful meaning stored
inside them.

Okay. So I couldn’t speak to them, but I could get what
they were saying. That was good. I was never too gifted at
foreign languages. I was always one of those kids in the
back of the class, bitching all like, “Why do I need this? I’m
never gonna live outside of Japan, anyway! Save it for
somebody who will!”

Now that I was actually in that position, something told
me that excuse wouldn’t work for much longer. Time to hit

the books, I guess.

But that wasn’t important. What should I do? That was a
tougher question than opening the door, for sure. I didn’t
know what they wanted, but if I had to guess, they were
adventurers. Treasure hunters, maybe? These were the
first humans I’d encountered in this world—I had an urge
to tail them to see what they were up to. But…ooh, if a
slime who couldn’t speak their language showed up, what
would they do? Slice me up with impunity, I’d bet. Better
save it for next time. Safety first. I could save the human
stuff for when I could talk to them.

The slim man leading the trio did something, and the
three of them suddenly began fading from sight. Not
entirely, mind you. He did mention a “concealing”
something or other—some kind of skill, presumably. I
wonder what he learned that for. Not for sneaking into
people’s bedrooms, hopefully. How scandalous. I’ll have to
make friends with him later.

Once the trio went out of sight down the path, I sprang
back into action. No need to rush this. It wasn’t as if this
would be my last chance to meet people. Slow and steady
wins the race, as the ancients said, and I believe them.

Through the door I went, and before any of them could
come back to check on things, I was gone.

Proceeding a fair distance from the door, I arrived at an
intersection with several paths branching out from it.
Which one would bring me to the surface? Thinking about
it wouldn’t help much, so I chose a path and headed on
down the cavern path.

Flick! Flick!

Our eyes met.
Slowly, I averted mine. There was a gigantic, ominous-
looking serpent in front of me, a jet-black one with thorned
scales, tough skin, and an appearance that made the
snakes of Earth look positively cuddly. This creature in my
path made me feel like a deer—or a slime—in the
headlights.
My mind went blank. Maybe I’d be okay if it didn’t notice
me? Slowly, I tried to slide myself back. No luck. The black
snake reared its head upward, matching my movements. It
flicked its tongue at me as it silently menaced me with its
eyes. Damn it. It’s not letting me off the hook! We didn’t
need to exchange any words for that much to be clear.
Should I fight it? I had this killer finisher that I’d spent
the last week training for, didn’t I? It’s just that…you know,
fighting a monster like this would take a bit of an…extra
oomph. In other words, I was crapping my pants.
But hang on. Get a hold of yourself. Thinking about it,
I’ve been through scarier stuff before. Remember Veldora?
Compared to that dragon, this guy… Hell, maybe it’s not so
scary after all. Maybe this is all gonna work out!
With a somewhat calmer mental state, I took a moment
to size up the dark snake. It must have been thinking that it
had stunned me into silence, that I was unable to move.
Probably coming up with ways to land the final strike on
me. Maybe it found the concept of swallowing me whole to
be too bland or something.
Well, no point holding back. Without another moment’s
hesitation, I squared up toward the snake’s neck and
unleashed a Water Blade. With a lethal-sounding fwissh,
the blade pierced through the air and struck the monster.
It all happened in an instant—so quick, I doubted my
eyes. Without a single bit of resistance, the Water Blade

lopped the black snake’s head off. A snake so huge, so
ominous looking, I was sure I’d be nothing but a
midafternoon snack to it.

This skill…might have been a tad stronger than I
thought. If I’d used it on that adventuring trio, things
might’ve gone all slasher film pretty fast. Good thing I’d
had the foresight to try it on a monster first.

Before I go on, let’s do a quick recap of what was
occupying my stomach at the moment. Veldora, 15 percent.
Water, 10 percent. Medicinal herbs, recovery potions, and
the like, 2 percent. Ore and other materials, 3 percent.
Grand total, about 30 percent in use. Each Water Blade
strike used not even a regular cup’s worth of water, so…
sheesh, I could probably spit out thousands of these before
I even began worrying about running out.

Hell of a lot more efficient than some stupid magic spell.
I think I’ll be relying on this against monsters for a while to
come.

So about this snake. Would it have any abilities I could
steal by absorbing and analyzing it? No time to waste. Let’s
give it a shot.

The results were…not bad. In addition to the ability to
disguise myself as a black snake, I gained the following two
skills:

Sense Intrinsic skill. Identifies any heat reactions in
Heat the local area. Not affected by any concealing
Source: effects.

Poisonous Intrinsic skill. A powerful breath-type poison
Breath: (corrosion) attack. Affects an area seven

meters in front of the user in a 120-degree
radius.

It looked as if this poison had a corrosive effect on its
target, damaging whatever equipment or flesh it touched. A
normal adventurer would probably have a lot of trouble
against this guy, wouldn’t they? Though who could say,
really, given the kind of magic available in this world.

I spent a little while analyzing the skills of this snake I’d
just vanquished. The more cards in my hand, the better, I
figured.

The results:
1. Mimicking the black snake increased my bodily

volume.

2. The skills I’d just earned could be invoked without

having to mimic the snake’s form, although their

performance could suffer as a result.
To go into further detail:

1. I could break down and store the monsters I

consumed with Predator in my stomach. I’d used

Predator on my own body in order to repair

damage, and this provided some spare cells to

help with that, in other words.

2. “Intrinsic skills” appeared to be skills that were

exclusive to a certain type of monster. My Absorb,

Self-Regeneration, and Dissolve skills were

intrinsic to me as a slime. However, to use

intrinsics, I needed to take the form of the monster

in question, or else I couldn’t bust them out all the

way. I could still use them in part, though, and

some skills—like Sense Heat Source—seemed to

work just fine either way.
Putting it all together: Predator freakin’ rocked. I
couldn’t wait to track down some other useful skills with
this thing.

Three days had passed after my snake battle. I was still in
the cave. I couldn’t feel heat or cold or anything, but for all
I knew, it was pretty chilly in here.

I had yet to see a single ray of sunshine, but my vision
still worked just fine in the dark. However, a certain anxiety
was starting to work its way into my head… I mean, I
technically knew it wasn’t possible, but I couldn’t help but
consider it.

“…I’m not lost, am I?”
No. I couldn’t be. What kind of idiot gets himself lost in
the very first cave? That first easy-peasy cave’s supposed to
be a springboard that helps you dive into the experience,
isn’t it? It looked as if that adventuring trio knew where the
hell they were going, didn’t it?
I’d be fine. It was probably just a really long path. Not
knowing the exact way did make me a little nervous,
though. Was there any way to get some help with that?

Received. Display the paths you’ve currently taken in
your brain?

Yes
No

Pfft. I laughed at myself. Are you kidding me?! I thought,
unable to resist a little whining. If I had something like
that, why didn’t you tell me sooner?!

Of course I immediately picked “Yes.” I used to think
automapping was cheating once, too, but now I knew the
error of my ways. With older games, you were expected to
bring your own pencil and graph paper, filling in the
squares with every step you took in the dungeon. That was
what made them fun—making sure you were on the right
track with every single step you took. As time passed,
though, people became more reliant on strategy guides,
and games started to be shipped with their own built-in

mapping features. It sucked all the real fun out of the
genre, you could say—but once you got used to the
convenience, there was no turning back.

What I’m trying to say is…you know, if you’ve got such a
powerful feature at your fingertips, you might as well use
it, right? Besides, this wasn’t a game. It was real life.

I scoped out the map that flashed into my mind.
Am I reading this right? It looks like I’ve been circling
through the same area over and over again…
………
……
…
Following the map in my brain, I delved into a branch of
the cave I’d never bothered trying before. There, I was
greeted by a sight that had wholly eluded me for the past
three days.
Heh-heh-heh. Guess I’m lost after all. Flustering me like
this… This must be one hell of a cave. I gotta hand it to the
thing.
(And my lack of direction was not the issue, all right?!)

I must have been getting close to the entrance—to the
great outdoors. Moss and weeds were starting to appear on
the walls and ground. And I didn’t know where the sun
was, but the light, dim as it was, was starting to make its
way inside. Which meant it was daytime.

Along the way, I had a few more monster encounters. To
be exact:

A centipede monster (“evil centipede,” rank B-plus)
A big spider (“black spider,” rank B)
A vampire bat (“giant bat,” rank C-plus)
A big shelled lizard (“armorsaurus,” rank B-minus)

No more of those black snakes, though. Maybe that was

the only one.
They were all pretty strong. Not that I’m one to talk,

given that Water Blade was still enough to end a battle all
by itself. But the bat guy did dodge my blades long enough
to get a few bites in, and my attacks just bounced off the
lizard guy’s body if I didn’t hit it at the right angle.

They wouldn’t all go down easy. The centipede concealed
itself long enough to attack me from behind, but between
Magic Sense and Sense Heat Source, I had enough of a
bead on my surroundings that I was fully prepared. One
Water Blade tossed behind me was all it took to end that
encounter.

The spider, on the other hand. Oof.
I always had a hang-up when it came to bugs in the first
place. It was as if I was physically repulsed by them. Just
one look was enough for me, thanks. Transforming into a
slime must’ve powered up my mental fortitude as well,
though—enough that I fought that guy without running
away screaming.
Sorry, dude, you’re getting full blast! Five Water Blades
at once, thrust deep into its thorax. I didn’t want it in my
sight for another moment.
Not that it stopped me from consuming it afterward,
though, nor any of the other guys. Survival of the fittest
and all. The spider and centipede gave me a little pause,
yes, but I soldiered on.
If any cockroach monsters showed up, though, I was
definitely making a sprint for it. It wasn’t a matter of
winning or losing. Just because I could didn’t mean I always
should.
Between this and that, I managed to absorb quite a few
monsters in this cave. Let’s go over the skills I acquired.

Black snake: Poisonous Breath, Sense Heat
Source

Centipede: Paralyzing Breath
Big spider: Sticky Thread, Steel Thread
Vampire bat: Drain, Ultrasonic Wave
Shelled lizard: Body Armor

Whenever you get a new toy, you want to use it, right?
Same here. So I harnessed the Great Sage to research all
the skills I picked up.

Basically, I didn’t use Poisonous Breath from the snake. I
actually transformed so I could try it out against the lizard,
and…like, whoa. All that armor didn’t do jack for the
armorsaurus. It literally melted into a puddle of goo before
my eyes. Grossest thing I’d ever seen in my life, all those
organs and bits of flesh all over the place. I had to spray
another salvo of mist to break down the rest of the chewy
bits. Last time I’d have to see that, hopefully.

Really, this breath was almost too much of a force to be
reckoned with. I didn’t want to use it much, if possible.
Sense Heat Source, though, was awesome. Pretty much
every living creature emits heat. Combining this with
Magic Sense meant that I was all but impossible to
ambush. There was no telling what kind of magic or special
skills I’d run into once I started dealing with humans or
intelligent high-level monsters, so I couldn’t afford to let
my guard down.

Next up, the centipede. I hardly wanted to mimic that
guy, what with how it looked and all. Its breath had about
the same range as the black snake’s, and its form was
about the same size as well. As I figured, trying to use it in
slime form limited the range to only about a meter. It could
come in handy for a surprise attack, I supposed, but if a foe
was already within that radius, I’d be sunk unless I
transformed or ran, so…

The lizard’s armor, as I mentioned, put up zero
resistance whatsoever to Poisonous Breath. I couldn’t
expect much from it. Besides, I already had Resist Melee
Attack, so there wasn’t much point. Using it in slime form
just made my external surface a bit tougher, kind of like the
metallic slimes that show up in that one RPG series and
give you lots of EXP. It gave a nice metal sheen to my light-
turquoise body; whatever it did to me must’ve changed the
way the light reacted to my surface. I didn’t want to test
how I took damage with that on, though, so its effect
remained a bit of a mystery. That little extra tint might help
scare my foes into submission, though.

That about wrapped up those three. The real meat, so to
speak, lay in the other two. They were pretty darn
fascinating.

First, the spider. Who wouldn’t want to imitate that
famous superhero who does all the spidery stuff? Firing
webs from his hands powerful enough to let him swing
around skyscrapers, and all that?

Sticky Thread, it seemed, was originally meant to let the
user encase their prey in webs, rendering them immobile.
But could I use it to do some fancy web-rope slinging of my
own? Let’s try it. Point it at that tree branch, and…

Whoosh! …Swiiiiiiing………
So, uh, on to Steel Thread.
What? Sticky Thread? Never heard of it. Just some skill
that leaves you hanging around motionless in the air. Pass.
On to Steel Thread.
I guess this is meant to block your foe’s attack. The
spider uses it to help it create an effective (i.e.,
labyrinthine) web, the Sage told me. So I busted a thread
out and whipped it against a tree.
Whoosh! Snap!

And lopped the trunk right off.
With Magic Sense, I could tell that this Steel Thread
would be extremely difficult for the naked eye of a human
to detect. If I worked with it a little, I bet it could be a
decent weapon. I spent a little time doing just that in case
it would come in handy later.

Finally, the bat. To be honest, out of this entire zoo, I had
the greatest expectations for the bat.

But—I mean, geez, Drain. If it hits, you could use 70
percent of your target’s skills for a limited period of time.
Big whoop! Predator was far more effective. Talk about a
precipitous drop in quality. And what’s the point of sucking
someone’s blood when you can just analyze their data
instead? I’ll just toss that one aside.

Ultrasonic Wave, on the other hand, piqued my interest.
This skill had the effect of confusing your foes or making
them lose consciousness, but it was originally used for
echolocation. Just like bats back on my home planet, you
could use these sound waves to suss out exactly where you
and other objects were positioned.

But the skill didn’t matter to me. The sonic waves it
emitted did. This slime was about to get his voice back.
Talk about a stroke of luck. Instead of having to reinvent
the wheel from the cells I had, I could just absorb a
relevant monster and take the skill for myself.

Can I form it into a voice, though? That’s the tricky part.
So I continued my research. Restlessly, forgoing all sleep
(not that I needed it), I walked around for three days and
three nights, testing it out.

The end result:
“I COME FROM OUTER SPACE!”
Perfect!
It was still a bit distorted, like someone tapping at their

throat while yelling through a box fan, but it was definitely
a voice! Now all I had to do was fine-tune it!

Trying my best to calm my excitement, I began the long,
arduous voice-adjustment process.

These supersonic waves were so useful. I thought I
remembered reading something about a weapon that used
sound waves. A sonic buster or sonic blaster or something
like that? Could I do that?

Received. There is a chance that the skill “Super
Vibration” may be derived from “Ultrasonic Wave.” This
cannot be acquired at this time.

So I need to derive it or change the skill somehow? Not
much to go on, but nothing doing for now, I guess. Not like
everything’s gonna be handed to me on a silver platter.
Maybe I’m getting too greedy, but the more cards in your
hand, right?

No need to push things along too fast, though. Obtaining
vocal cords is a huge coup by itself. I should be happy with
it.

Looking back, I’d obtained a ton of skills in pretty short
order as I wandered around, continuing with my research
as I aimed for the exit.

And while it took some time, I eventually made it. The
outside. The first time I got to bask in the sunlight of this
world.

Feels as if it’s been a while, going outside like this. It has
been several months, come to think of it. Hopefully the

light wouldn’t burn or melt me like a vampire…although as
a monster, I would reportedly have an instinctual
knowledge of what would be dangerous to my continued
existence.

People do things they know are bad for them all the
time, right? No joke. We could learn something from these
monsters.

The cave, it turned out, was in a forest. The exit was just
a hole at the foot of a mountain—more of a small hill, really,
which stood out against the vast trees that surrounded it.
In fact, thanks to the dense foliage, this hill was the only
point you could see the sun from. Take a step into the
forest, and all appeared to be dim darkness again.

Climbing to the top of the hill, I saw some kind of
strange pattern carved into it. A magical pentacle or
something? Sure seemed like it. Maybe those adventurers I
bumped into were responsible? Guess it doesn’t matter
much. A wise man keeps away from danger, as they say.

I sidled off.

A fair amount of time had passed since I left the cave.
The sun was starting to set, which indicated that I must
have reached the cave exit right around midday. I had a
surprisingly accurate internal clock, and it would’ve been
nice if it could’ve aligned itself with a standardized sense of
time.

And the moment I thought about it, it happened. Sheesh.
Is it this easy to do stuff like that? This Sage is one heck of
a personal assistant to have around.

Anyway, it was now past four in the afternoon. About
time to prep for dinner, but sadly, I no longer had to eat. I
could, but the meaninglessness of the gesture would
probably just make me feel empty inside.

So I kept messing around with the new skills I’d

obtained from the monsters I’d consumed in the cave. How
to use them, neat ways to combine them, whatever else I
could do with them, et cetera. Speech was a particular
focus.

That was what occupied my time as I continued down
the path I’d found. No particular destination. It would’ve
been nice if there was a town or village with someone nice I
could’ve talked to…but everything had been incredibly
quiet over the past few days. After getting attacked so
frequently in the cave, I hardly got any attention at all
outdoors. Just once, while practicing my elocution, a pack
of wolves started stalking me. I tried to threaten them
—“Ah?” I said—and that was all it took.

“Yipe!” With pathetic yelps, they scampered away. We’re
talking multiple enormous canines, each easily two meters
or so in length, and the sight of a slime freaked them out.
Pathetic.

Not that I minded being left alone. Getting a wolf’s sense
of smell would be neat, though.

The reaction surprised me enough that I began paying
closer attention to my surroundings. Turned out it wasn’t
just the wolves—not a single monster out there dared get
within several meters of me. Were they really that scared?
It sure seemed that way, but…like, why?

As I thought over that, my Magic Sense skill spotted a
group of monsters approaching.

Nothing like a good crisis to come at you out of nowhere,
huh?

They were small in size, their equipment plain and
crude. Their faces were dirty and devoid of intelligence, but
with their swords, their shields, their stone axes, and their
bows, they weren’t entirely bestial. It took a mere instant
for my gray matter to figure out who they were—goblins,
those infamous marauders of many a would-be adventuring