Rimuru - slime boi

Veldora - Blonde dragon boi

Great Sage -> Raphael - all knowing spirit

Ifrit - fire demon inside Rimuru who actually might be alright

Shion - resurrected secretary with great heaving...sword

Benimaru - general/leader of horned dudes

Shuna - cook, Benimaru's sister and just lovely

Soei - ninja

Hakaru/old sword master - old sword master

??? - the other horned dude who is a blacksmith

???, ???, ???, ??? - the dwarf blacksmith gang

Rigur - buff old goblin, named for his deceased son (F)

Rigurd - Rigur's son, less buff

Gobta - chad

Shizu - also got Isekai'd like Rimiru, Rimiru ate her (F)

Diablo - an old archdemon who people seem to trust.. for some reason

Milim - destructive demon lord who is pretty chill, or not as of Season 2 cour 1

Clayman - another demon lord who may be the big bad (no spoilers please thank you)

??? - a fairy demon lord from the end of season 1

???, ???, ??? - a literal clown-gang

Geld - King of the Orcs and very sweet (Bring the Goblin child to the main anime you cowards)

???, ???, ??? - A princess and her 2 escorts (like helpers, not banging her), showed up at the start of season 1 and pointed out to Rimiru that dead people could come back to life

??? - the dwarf King?

Chloe, ???, ???, ???, ??? - Shizu's old students who were Isekai'd but had like severe gingervitis but Rimiru saved them via spirits (except for maybe chloe because she has a spiit fro the future or something) between seasons

???, ???, ???, ??? - the animal King and his 3 servants, the latter of which show up to ask for help from Rimiru whilst the former has his ass firmly rammed shut by Milim at the end of Season 2 cour 1

Ranga - who's a good boy who's a good boy?

Gabiru - Gabiru Gabiru Gabiru (has an entourage but I don't know if they actually have names)

??? - a named Goblin who also died and got ressurected but who cares because Shion has big ass titties

Treyni - a potato

Myulun - Mulan spelt poorly who was enslaved by Clayman to screw over the Tempest nation but was freed by Rimiru via some deadass medieval heart surgery

???, ??? - Myulan's simps

???, ???, ??? - a band of humans, some of which are named, that turn up every now and then and take the cake for killing the original Orc Lord so Rimiru and co don't get too much attention

??? - The goblin girl from slime diaries who may not actually be in the main series

???, ???, ??? - 3 Isekai people, 2 boys and a girl, who get fucked up at the end of season 2 cour 1 when they initiate the attack on the Tempest nation

???, ???, ???... - the leaders/King/definitely not Christian leader of the nation that attacked Tempest who got various degrees of fucked up by Rimiru going demon lord

Hinata - a former student of Shizu who attacked Rimiru and essentially won - she never learned of the importance of communication

??? - Gabiru's sister who through the power of receivng a name improved her skin very much so

??? - Gabiru (Gabiru Gabiru Gabiru etc)'s dad

??? - former scientist of the dwarf Kingdom who was a dick but has now chilled out but now has to stay in a cave for his sins like the gimp from Pulp Fiction